(lp0
Vthis place used to have a great bar/tapas menu with a decent selection of happy hour wine specials.  now...  not so much.  well, during hh, you can get any of the wines under $10 for $5.  selection by the glass is limited.  \u000a\u000aas for their menu/dinner - this is totally a different story.  i haven't really been disappointed yet!  the appetizers/small plates all pretty good, i really like the chevre croquettes ($7).  the salads are good and although i haven't gotten the soup anytime lately, i hear great things from my friends.  the entrees are always excellent - i usually tend to stick to the seafood (halibut, $29) and never have been disappointed (and importantly, nothing has ever been overcooked).  the signature orecchiette dish ($20) is soooo delicious - just ignore the fact that it is a heart attack waiting to happen - it's worth it.  the desserts are ok, personally, i feel that you would be better advised to stick to filling up on the entrees.  \u000a\u000aoh, and let me recommend the blood orange martini if they have it - very very yummy!  and it is nice that you can order veuve cliquot by the glass ($16).\u000a\u000aprices are a bit high for what you'd expect for pittsburgh, but considering the quality of food, i would recommend it.\u000a\u000ap.s. i have heard that they have a great brunch on sundays. i personally haven't tried it, but with the number of compliments i hear, it's probably worth the try!\u000a\u000a-------------------------\u000aupdate 12/9/07:  went to the brunch.  what a great deal!  for $22, you get a choice of alcoholic beverage (bloody mary, mimosa, bellini) as well as a starter and then the entree.  they have a lot of choices, so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  the smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me, too much onion.  the truffled potato was yummy.  the arugula salad was as delicious as ever!  and for entree, we both got the casbah benedict.  i have to admit that neither of us was blown away, but it was good and filling.  i think that we will both be back to try other things on the menu!
p1
aVwell it's official shadyside is becoming my new favorite area for restaurants.  damn you big burrito group with your local ingredients, contemporary design and excellent service.  i was here last night and on a monday this place was doing brisk business (definitely a good sign).  the space itself is beautiful.  you  enter from s. highland into the outdoor dining area, which because of the heaters is viable almost every day of the year.  there is plenty of seating outdoors and a few tables indoors.  the design is contemporary.  the bar is large and has a nice area opposite for more informal seating.  the one thing i dislike about the bar area is that the "stools" are actually chairs that are not moveable, so your distance next to your "neighbor" is pre-determined.  i also prefer to stand at  the bar instead of sitting and this set up makes that more difficult.  the wine selection is pretty extensive and they have a good happy hour special that any wine or premium cocktail is just $5, which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  the hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  the server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  we ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and i guess in line with what others charge.  we were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta i think.  the tepenade was too oily and salty for me, but i guess it's what i should expect since it's ground up olives basically.  the bread was great.  it was warm really hearty bread that was wheat i think, definitely not white.  it was served with room temperature butter with some sea salt on top.  really good start.  we then tried the smoked salmon appetizer.  i'm a huge fan of smoked salmon and was pleased with the quality of the fish, served nicely with capers and chopped egg.  it also was served with a patatoe pancake that was crisp on the outside with warm and delicious  filling.  the only thing i was a bit perplexed about was why it wasn't served with some type of bread or crouton to put the salmon on.  however, the waiter was happy to oblige by bringing out a few of the toasted ciabatta.  we also tried the lamb mac and cheese (omg was this good).  the pasta was cooked al dente' and definitely made in house.  the sauce and lamb were amazing.  this would make a fine entree' in my opinion and is total comfort food reinvented.  the only detraction i'd say is that it is a very heavy dish to serve as an appetizer on a summer menu.  fiona had the arugula salad which was nicely prepared with pork belly (kind of like bacon), feta, and a few other interesting ingredients.  we also tried the short rib ravioli, which was incredible as well albeit a heavy dish.  by the time we got to this i think we only tried one ravioli each (plenty of leftovers).  this is such a rich dish, because shortribs are like the epitome' of richness and then to wrap them in ravioli and add cream sauce is really indulgent.  but, then again this is my chef not my cardiologist.  i tried the elysian fields lamb which was cooked perfectly medium and then served with their homemade pasta wrapped around some of the lamb as well.  this was really good and the pasta was a surprise.  i actually would have preferred a green vegatable on the side instead of pasta and mashed potatoes.  the bartenders are good, especially fionaoverall, a really good place and a nice flagship of the big burrito group.
p2
aVi'm not sure why this place is called casbah.  casbah conjures up images of genies and sand dunes or something.  nothing about this place seems remotely middle eastern to me, other than the name.\u000a\u000athat aside, good food and great service.  definitely a place to impress.  i especially enjoy patronizing establishments that focus on seasonable, sustainably harvested ingredients, and although casbah is not doing the whole "locavore" thing, it certainly is striving for the organic and seasonal thing.  so, off the bat, that gives it big points in my book.\u000a\u000awe started with the calamari and the squash ravioli.  skip the ravioli - small and kind of dried out.  but the calamari was meaty and perfectly fried.  i actually had to stop because i was feeling ill from eating too many of them.\u000a\u000awe all had the argula salad, which was delicious.  quite sizeable too, given the setting.  finally, i had the scallop and crab meat... uh... pasta dish (i have no idea what kind of pasta it was... sorry).  which was quite good.  i actually would have preferred it over linguine, i think, but whatever.  it was deelish.\u000a\u000anot sure why i'm not giving this place five stars.  i really enjoyed it, but it wasn't a wow experience.  better luck next time perhaps.
p3
aVmeh.  seriously?  mediterranean?  what?  sorry, but just because you serve scallops on babah ganoush doesn't make your restaurant mediterranean.\u000a\u000athis was kind of a disappointment, if you couldn't tell by my sarcastic tone.  the food was good, and i had a great time, but the food lacked the final eyebrow raising component that you come to expect with the bill that follows.\u000a\u000athat said, the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy.
p4
aVexcellent excellent brunch spot.  for review #100, a 5 star review for a 5 star restaurant is definitely fitting.\u000a\u000acasbah does brunch, lunch and dinner, but brunch is my favorite meal and also what they do best.  i ordered their prixe fixe brunch option which is a choice of an appetizer, brunch dish, and drink for $22.  i started off with smoked salmon and had the waitress recommended braised lamb and eggs as an entree and a mimosa to drink.  my companion ordered butternut squash & apple cider soup, wild mushroom omelet, and a glass of fresh orange juice.\u000a\u000awhile waiting for our food, we munched on their complimentary pastry basket consisting of super moist mini-muffins, scones, and super rich and buttery biscuits with honey butter.\u000a\u000athe smoked salmon came with capers, minced red onion, crumbled egg, a drizzle of aioli, and a beautiful fried potato cake.  there was just the perfect amount of everything on the dish; the potato cake was just big enough to balance out the saltiness of the smoked salmon and the capers of course paired beautifully with the smoked salmon.  i tried some of the butternut squash & apple cider soup and it had some a pretty complex flavor.\u000a\u000amy entree reminded me of an eggs benedict with a twist: grilled  sourdough topped with spinach, braised lamb shoulder and two poached eggs.  i love braised meats because braising can do such wonders to tougher cuts.  the braised lamb shoulder was flavorful, tender, and super rich.  the best part about poached eggs is sopping up the extra yolk with bread and it just tasted better with the sauce of the lamb soaking into the sourdough to soften it up a bit.  this dish itself is enough to make me a regular.  i tried my companion's home fries which came with this slightly spicy ketchup (i think it's house-made) and also a piece of her omelet which was pretty good too.\u000a\u000aservice was good, ambiance was good, portions were big, quality was excellent, and they take reservations.  sometimes i don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (point brugge, coca cafe, etc.), but most times i'd rather spend time with people in the restaurant at a table rather than waiting outside, especially now with winter approaching.
p5
aVwe decided to give brunch a try for our first visit to casbah.  we were surprised  by the huge tent covering the "outdoor" dining area.  we opted for an inside table, the interior is somewhat small the tables are close together.  for brunch, you are served your choice of drink, appetizer and entree.  \u000a\u000afor our drinks, bj had a bloody mary and i had a bellini.  we were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffins.  for appetizers, we got a three sisters farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  very good.  for entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the ny strip steak.  very relaxing and tasty meal.
p6
aVi was determined to let this one pass (experience was not worth commentary) until i made a disturbing discovery...\u000a\u000ai made a reservation for inside. they sat us outside. that turned out to be preferable to us because the tables that were available inside were very close to others. the patio was spacious and decorated with busts, slightly preferable to the inner cheap.trendy.interiors.com shit. have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders? probably not, as the ladies room is a very dim place; don't expect to be able to notice that your botox implant is crooked. anyway, it was hot under the space-ray heater on the patio, making for a sweaty and ice-instantly-melted beverage winter night. the food was alright with some interesting flavor pairings, but it was certainly not quite worth the price. the bread was the best i've had in pittsburgh. our server made it seem that everything she was doing was somebody else's job, in fact, it was mostly other people who delivered, which made it confusing in terms of knowing who to ask for things and whether or not to factor some of the fine service into the tip that presumably goes mostly to the primary server who was sub-par for upscale dining; our question for the kitchen left unanswered, "the host is supposed to do that but i will..." run on. when i described the qualities i was looking for in my wine choice during beverage inquiry, she just stared blankly and waited for me to decide. the wine list did not include descriptions. the gal who delivered the wine thankfully did describe it before popping the top and it was determined that i did not want this cheapest option before me! she described another bubbly that sounded and was, according to my own tastes, delightful. \u000a\u000ai was so very satisfied with the sparkling sensation of the meal that i sought it out at the wine and spirits store. this was the moment that my minor disappointment in the value of my special-occasion dinner at casbah turned into a feeling of devastating violation. i am talking about a 400% markup on the retail price of this wine. if you want to do your own math: at casbah the 1/2 bottle of gruet blanc du noirs cost $35, while a whole bottle at w&s is priced at $16.99. you can bet that i will choose to enjoy this wine elsewhere, like avenue b (byob), next time. \u000a\u000acasbah is lacking the quality service, honesty and original ambiance that should accompany creative food at moderately high prices.\u000a\u000a**update: i recently saw a full size bottle of the gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; casbah, take a tip!
p7
aVi ate here in january and was very impressed. we ate in the basement, although casbah has two floors and outdoor seating. i thought the atmosphere was very good, and the fish (i forget the exact dish) was well-prepared.\u000a\u000athis is on the expensive side, but worth it for a special occasion.
p8
aVi ate here for brunch on sunday.  it's $22 and you may have to roll yourself out after.  it included a mimosa/bloody mary, appetizer, and main plate.  i had the fruit and cheese along with the brioche french toast.  all was great.  they could have had some more flavorful cheeses, but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  the bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  i will definitely be returning for brunch!
p9
aVi've been here twice now, once for drinks and once for dinner, and i'd have to say that generally, i'm a fan.  their happy hour has some good deals - $6 cocktails and glasses of wine, and $1 of bottled beer.  it was a fun, trendy atmosphere and a nice place to go for a glass of sangria after a busy day.\u000a\u000ai came back for dinner a month or so later.  we had reservations (on a monday night) and were seated immediately -even though the restaurant was surprisingly busy.  we sat in the covered area out front - sort of like sitting in a dim, mediterranean garden.  and yes - the lights are low throughout the whole restaurant.  even with my young eyes, i still needed a candle to read the menu.  but it is romantic and a peaceful place to eat.  a little uncomfortable, as they have metal chairs (sort of like upscale patio furniture), but not a big deal.  sit inside at a booth if you need to sit on something soft.\u000a\u000athe menu is pricey and we're all poor, so we just got entrees.  i actually had a cocktail to start - the perfect pear - with elderflower liqueur, vodka, sage, pear, and vermouth.  there was even a little sage leaf floating in the glass.  it was a wonderful drink, with all the flavors i love.  still, for the price, i think the portion was a little stingy.  when i buy an $11 cocktail, i like it to really fill the glass.  we nibbled on warm bread while we waited, and all tried their pesto on top - i think it was an unusual homemade pesto, something like walnut-watercress?  it was a bit bland - i think regular basil pesto would've been a better choice.\u000a\u000athings got better during the actual dinner.  i ordered the heritage farms chicken which was juicy and fresh, and served with a tangy pasta.  each little detail of the dish was well-chosen - honestly, even the grilled baby squash was outstanding.  it's just squash!  but somehow, it was heavenly.  my friend enjoyed her cioppino, and my boyfriend liked his veal tortellini, complete with rich pieces of lobster.  i tried a little bit, and it was tasty - very herbal and really bursting with flavor.  the only dish that fell a little flat was the potato gnocchi - my friend's boyfriend ordered it.  actually he liked most of it very much, but he couldn't get past the aggressive bitterness of the turnip greens.  i tasted them too, and i have to say - it was off-putting.  perhaps that's just the way turnip greens are, but it really didn't work for us in the dish.  fortunately, the waitress was incredibly kind and helpful, and brought him out a new plate sans greens, which he finished happily.\u000a\u000awe also had a few desserts - vanilla bean creme brulee for us, flourless chocolate torte for them.  i didn't taste it, but apparently it was incredibly rich.  i enjoyed our creme brulee - because i enjoy all creme brulee - although the roasted quince on top didn't quite work for me.  \u000a\u000aoverall, the meal ranged between good and very good, but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  i had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  but this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  i think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion, or if you feel like a little splurge on a flavorful meal.
p10
aVi finally went to casbah for brunch today. rolled in at 10am to meet a handful of people. because it is labor day weekend, the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. we sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. i think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink, an appetizer and an entree - but for $24. it looks like they have since raised the prices since miles o. went. i felt it was just a tad steep and a lot of food but took the plunge anyway. i ordered the smoked salmon for the appetizer and the mushroom omlette for my entree, and had a hot coffee (they did not have ice coffee though offered to put ice with hot coffee if i wanted it). the waitress brought out some delicious mini baked treats before we got our dishes - poppy scone (on the crispier side but delicious), blueberry muffins and biscuits, which were all buttery goodness. after eating these i was getting a little full and then after my appetizer i realized i probably should not have gotten the prix fixe but could have would have should have. i ended up boxing half of my omlette entree. portions were large, atmosphere was cool, food was good and wait staff were awesome but in the end i don't think $24 (not including the tip and tax) was worth it.
p11
aVum.  a little bummed.  i had high expectations, but left feeling just...meh.\u000a\u000athe restaurant is really cool looking but i was a little confused by the bar set up.  we sat at the bar because they didn't have any tables open.  i usually don't mind sitting at the bar but the stools are bolted to the floor, and about 2 feet from each other.  if you have three people with you, forget about mingling!  \u000a\u000aalso, the service was very iffy.  there was a bartender, and then a server for the bar area (or what it seemed like).  the bartender got us our drinks, but never told us a server would be with us.  i figured she was our server too.  but then some other woman came up to us all flustered.  she never introduced herself, just asked what we wanted and kept saying "okay, okay, okay."  just very odd.  it continued that way the entire time.\u000a\u000ai tried the prix fixed brunch for $24, which includes your choice of an alcoholic bevvie (bloody mary, sangria or mimosa), appetizer and main course.  i had the mimosa, that was the perfect mix (splash of oj:), polenta and eggs beni.  the cinnamon polenta, which was delish: light, fluffy and warm with dried fruit and almonds on top.  i loved it!\u000a\u000athe eggs beni with smoked salmon.  it was just okay.  i kept trying to think pf what was missing and i believe it was that the hollandaise sauce had no real taste.  i expect hollandaise sauce to be rich and creamy, this was thin and blah.  \u000a\u000ai definitely want to go back and try the dinner, see if maybe i'll have a little better luck.  so kick it up a notch casbah, you've been around for a while, but i still expect good food!
p12
aVthis review is for brunch only! i've never been here for dinner...but been here quite a few times for brunch.\u000a\u000acasbah's brunch is a prix fixe...which at first seems expensive, but when you realize the amount of food you're getting, it's sooo not. you get an appetizer, entree, and drink (yes, a real drink, with alcohol) for just $24. i usually end up spending more at my other big burrito brunch spot, kaya, so i consider this a pretty good deal.\u000a\u000athey start you off with a basket of muffins and biscuits with honey butter on the side. and it's refillable. try to restrain yourself from eating too many baked goods though, so you can get to the real food. for appetizers, everything i've had was pretty good (polenta and the salads have been my faves), but for the entree, there is only one thing you should order: the lamb & eggs!  crusty sourdough bread topped with spinach topped with braised lamb shoulder and roasted garlic, topped with poached eggs. one of the best things i have ever eaten in the morning. the scallop scramble is just okay, the steak & eggs are pretty delish...but the lamb & eggs is by far the best thing on the brunch menu.\u000a\u000athis is one of the few places where i don't opt for the bloody mary...it's pretty blah. i do their salty dog with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, or sometimes get it sans alcohol if i'm really feeling the pain from saturday night.\u000a\u000aunfortunately, while i love the atmosphere, i feel like the service is lacking. i can't explain why, but it always feels awkward and doesn't hold up to the standards set at other big burrito spots (even mad mex). i know it gets busy on sundays, but still. service issues aside, the food is still worth it.
p13
aVwent here for drinks with some friends.  \u000a\u000athe bar service was definitely interesting.  some of the time the waitress was really on point and was there ready to take your drink orders, but after the first drink it was really hard to get a second. \u000a\u000ai can't speak for the food, but will update my review when i get back to try the food.  overall my dirty martini was good, though it definitely could have used some better quality olives (these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salads).  i will definitely be back to try the food, but i hope the table service is better than the bar service.
p14
aVwhen scoping around online for a good nye dinner destination for my husband and me, casbah's prix fixe menu really jumped off the page! since the big burrito group is so popular, i was happy to get reservations, especially since a lot of times were already booked.\u000a\u000athe hubby and i arrived a few minutes early for dinner. i had planned additional time to park and was delightfully reminded that big burrito restaurants have free valet parking -- so great, especially with slushy snow on the ground! even though we were a few minutes early, the hostess took our coats and seated us immediately.  \u000a\u000aservice was extremely attentive from start to finish. waters were re-filled quickly. bread was brought to the table almost immediately and we were offered another basket as soon as we finished the first. the bread came with a delicious spread - was it goat cheese? - that i just couldn't stop eating. silverware whisked away with each course was promptly replaced.\u000a\u000awe ordered both the land and sea courses to share so we could try the entire nye prix fixe menu. none of the eight dishes disappointed! the first courses were sea scallops & octopus and duck confit. the sea scallop was perfectly cooked, the octopus - thought not my cup of tea! - was also well cooked, and the balsamic flavor in the dish was very tasty. i absolutely loved the duck confit dish. it was served with mustard greens and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious combination!\u000a\u000athe second courses were potato gnocchi and mushroom tortelloni. the gnocchi was served with lobster, which was a unique but nice paring. though a strongly flavored dish, the tortelloni was delicious, and i enjoyed another unique paring, tortelloni with chunks of beef short rib.\u000a\u000alake ontario walleye and roasted veal strip loin were the third courses. both were cooked to perfection. the walleye's skin was perfectly crispy, and the veal strip loin was cooked medium well but was still deliciously juicy and tender. however, a component of each dish was disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seeds covering the veal. i really can't hold this against casbah though. i'm just not a fan of mustard!\u000a\u000afinally, the desserts was fantastic! the chocolate ganache tart was the ending of the sea courses. the chocolate was strong, even a little bitter, and was served with a little champagne strawberry compote. i grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite, and it was the perfect ending to three courses filled with fish. a caramel macaroon completed the land courses. the macaroon was delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.\u000a\u000aour experience at casbah was spectacular! based on this experience, i debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until i returned a second time. and i can't wait to return!
p15
aVwent here for bruch and had their take on the classic eggs benedict.  i'm a huge eggs benedict fan and this was very good.  i opted for the prociuto as the meat option and i'm glad i did.  it gave the eggs enough flavor without having to add extra salt.  \u000a\u000athe potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.  had the bellini and didn't realize how i much i would enjoy it so i had two!
p16
aVthis is definitely one of the most interesting places i've been to, in a good way. casbah is a great local place that serves smaller (but admittedly pricey) portions, and they change their menu up frequently to match the ingredients available to them each season.\u000a\u000athe set-up is...different? i couldn't quite figure out what was going on with it; you basically walk into a door and enter what looks like what was once a courtyard, which was covered with a canvas - maybe they take this down during the summer? possibly? i'm not sure; anyway, if you walk to the back of the courtyard you'll get into the actual bar.\u000a\u000athe menu here, at least during my visit, was delicious - fantastic fresh sangria, a very interesting but tasty bruschetta (that, rather than going with the traditional tomatoes and basil, was covered in a kind of cream cheese, greens and nuts), and a reasonably portioned bowl of pasta with sausage and spinach. not complaints, other than the fact that the pasta was a bit spicy and i wasn't warned about this. it wasn't too strong, though.\u000a\u000aour waitress was doing the best that she could (i think) but was a little slow. still, the place was fairly busy and i had good company to talk to during my meal, so no hard feelings on that one.\u000a\u000ai say give this place a try if you have the money to spare - and even then, get a coupon or a groupon; i went with someone who was using a birthday gift card, and it helped the pricing tremendously.
p17
aVi stopped by here this past tuesday night for dinner by myself.  it had been a couple of years since i had last been to casbah and while i remembered it being decent, it differed a bit from my fiance's opinion that this was the best of the big burrito restaurants.  due to that it had been on my list of restaurants to visit so that i could get a better opinion of it.  the restaurant looked the same that i remembered it with a large outdoor seating area and a smaller one inside with the bar on one side of the restaurant and the dining room on the other.  it was all nicely and tastefully decorated.\u000a\u000ai arrived shortly after 5 pm and immediately made my way into the bar area of the restaurant as i hate taking up a table if i am eating by myself.  there was no one else at the bar at this point and the bartender quickly greeted me and gave me a happy hour menu while explaining it to me.  i had not been planning on getting a drink but one of the $6 cocktails caught my eye and i ended up ordering it.  the bartender was pretty friendly guy and explained how he came up with the drink while he made the drink and we chatted for a bit.  for my entrée i decided to order the long island duck which was a roasted breast, braised leg, gnocchi, spinach, rosemary, black mission figs and duck jus.  whenever i had ordered it i had actually missed the fact that it came with a braised leg and was excited to see that extra unexpected portion of meat on my plate whenever it was delivered to me.  the whole meal ended up being incredibly tasty with the duck breast being cooked perfectly with nice seasoning and not greasy at all.  this was in stark contrast to the leg which was incredibly juicy and greasy which i absolutely loved.  normally i am not a fan of greasier duck but the two preparations really helped to enhance the other.  finally the figs provided a nice touch of sweetness while the gnocchi was pillow like and tasty.  it was also nice to be able to taste a hint of rosemary on them which i had forgotten about between the time i had ordered and when it was delivered.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i would definitely head back here again in the future.  both my cocktail and my meal were really good and i would actually consider this to be one of the best meals that i have eaten in a little while.
p18
aVthis is a well run restaurant with great food, great consistency and excellent service.  we were sitting on the patio and the angle of the sun changed to shine right in our eyes, but the waiter was able to quickly move us to a better table.  i highly recommend the cheese plate, it is probably the best in pittsburgh.  the arugula salad is delicious.  so is the alaskan halibut.  you really can't go wrong with casbah.
p19
aVmy bf took me here on my birthday and it was so good he totally sealed "the deal."  \u000a\u000athis was on of the best dining experiences i've had in pittsburgh...made even sweeter by the fact i left full, and without feeling the boyfriends wallet was just raped.  \u000a\u000ai had the orichiette pasta and it was love in a bowl.  savory and sweet and perfectly balanced.  boyfriend had short rib ravioli and it was so good that when i asked him if i could have a taste he told me that he loved me, and he knew it was my birthday, and he let me have a bite, but he didn't want to share.  i didn't make him, i just know it was excellent.\u000a\u000ai have officially done dat all of the big burrito restaurants & i honestly feel like has bought is the most effortlessly sophisticated of all of them.  this is amazing food in a restaurant that is sophisticated without even trying.\u000a\u000ai really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. they have a brunch which i hear is amazing and i can't wait to try it out.
p20
aVto be honest, i feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. the food is average to good, the place is beautiful with outdoor seating, but in my opinion the price is just not worth it. they have a really good happy hour, so i would definitely recommend going to that and maybe trying an appetizer or two.
p21
aVupon receipt of the much-coveted big burrito birthday voucher, i had to make the tough decision about which of their restaurants to visit.  i was torn between casbah and eleven, but upon perusing the menus, reading reviews, and giving the matter much thought, i settled on casbah.  i knew i'd made a good decision when i invited some friends to join me, and they said that, based on their past experience, i'd made an excellent choice!\u000a\u000aour meal started off with a few slices of bread, which came with butter and a greek yogurt spread.  the butter was good, but the yogurt spread was amazing, and both of them dressed up the bread very well.  we then ordered an appetizer of the bruschetta, which was not your normal bruschetta, but was delicious.  i'm not entirely sure of the ingredients, since what we received doesn't match the menu description posted on the website, but one notable thing about it was that it had some pomegranate seeds that gave it a subtle sweetness and juiciness, complementing the other savory ingredients.  for my entree, i ordered the orecchiette, a dish consisting of ear-shaped pasta tossed in a goat cheese and sage cream sauce, with chicken and dried cranberries.  flavorwise, this was one of the most well-balanced dishes i've ever eaten, with the savory ingredients and sweet hints from the cranberries (which were actual cranberries, rather than craisins, as i'd imagined) melding together in perfect culinary harmony.  the pasta was also cooked to a perfect al dente firmness, which held up well in the microwave several days later when i ate the leftovers.  the cranberry-lime dry soda that i ordered to go with this entree complemented it very nicely, and was a great alternative to wine (while i was tempted, i didn't order any since my dining companions decided not to, due to having driven).\u000a\u000amy two dining companions ordered the scottish salmon and the gnocchi, respectively.  based on the samples that they provided me, casbah did a great job on these dishes, as well!  the salmon had a subtle saltiness that complemented the flavor nicely, without overpowering it.  my friend who ordered it had had it before at casbah, but had since been to scotland, and he said that it was very similar in quality and taste to the versions of this dish that he'd tried there.  the gnocchi was one of the most unique and varied dishes i've encountered, and, based on the two bites that i tried, brought the ingredients together in a medley of flavors and textures.  i think my friend who ordered it described it best by saying that every bite was a bit different, but that they were all delicious!  although all of us tried bites of each other's dishes, we each liked our own choice best, so we chose well.\u000a\u000aafter our entrees, we decided to order dessert.  although i was tempted by the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding, since many reviewers speak highly of it, i decided to follow my instinct and get the chocolate-hazelnut bomba.  i'm so glad that i did, since this dessert was amazing!  if you like dark chocolatey, torte-like desserts or nutella, this dessert is a must-try. since i mentioned i was at casbah for a birthday dinner, the dessert was served with "happy birthday" written on the plate in chocolate icing, which was a nice touch.  my dining partners ordered the creme brulee to split between themselves, which came topped with an apple compote.  based on the bite that i tried, it was a good rendition of a brulee, but couldn't match the star power of the chocolate bomba.\u000a\u000awe visited at 7:30pm last sun., at the later end of their serving hours, but service from our waiter, brian, was very good.  we were seated in the tent-like area in the front of the restaurant, which stayed surprisingly warm during most of our visit.  at one point before dessert, upon returning from the restroom, i noticed that it'd cooled off, but the manager came out to turn on the heating elements, and it warmed back up in less than 10 min.\u000a\u000ain sum, if you're looking for a solid fine dining experience with innovative, delicious food, casbah is a great choice.  the food was impressive in its quality, and the service was what i've come to expect at a higher-end restaurant.  i'd particularly recommend getting on the big burrito mailing list to receive a $30 birthday voucher and $10 off coupons for the holidays, and taking advantage of one of these occasions to try it.  i'm certain that you'll be as pleased with your experience there as me and my dining partners!
p22
aVfood is tasty, though portions are for the waifish hipster types. location is inconvenient and i would not recommend people walking by themselves at night on that stretch of penn. service is very uneven i.e. bad, even when the place is practically dead. i can't really speak on the coffee, though they do have good tissanes(however getting them to refill your hot water is another thing).\u000a\u000a**************\u000aokay i won't change my rating, but i take back what i said about the food. they have changed the menu and it is really bad. \u000a\u000awe had buffalo tofu sticks which were ridiculously dry. \u000a\u000ai had the thai peanut tofu wrap which tasted just like peanut butter. \u000a\u000ai don't understand the point of mockamole? it's made with peas instead of avocado. \u000a\u000ahow to describe the food... it's as if they took pictures of how food should look and made the food without thinking about how food should taste. gee peas are green, just like avocados?? \u000a\u000ai would go there for coffee/tea or whatever to hang out, but not for the food. \u000a\u000aokay there was one decent thing on the menu which was the artichoke dip. i was completely disappointed.
p23
aVthis is probably one of the most solid restaurants we have on pittsburgh's east end.  it is also a haven for the vegan/vegetarian hipster.  i've been a handful of times now and only once did i get food i wasn't happy with.  prices are reasonable, maybe like $1-2 more for food than you would expect to pay.  keeping this place open is well worth that cost.\u000a\u000aif you aren't feeling so hungry, this doubles as a coffee shop (lacks some coffee shop seating) and the hot drinks are solid.  check out the milkshakes!
p24
aVquiet storm is, perhaps, the most expensive vegetarian diner i have ever been to, even by big city standards! cash-only makes this even more difficult. tofu wings appetizer was simply not very good; and i usually love these things! i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment. as far as i know, gyros are supposed to be pretty meaty, but this was mostly lettuce with sporadic chunks of seitan and cucumber,along  with dreaded diced unripe tomato. the wrap was dry and upon looking at the menu again, i see that the sauce that it probably requires costs an extra $.50. the tortilla itself was very white and seemingly unnatural compared to those found at most veggie establishments. my beverage was good and affordable--ginger lemonade. it was sweet for my tastes, but i am sure most people would have thought it perfect. i'll keep quiet storm in mind as a coffee shop, only.\u000a\u000af.y.i after splitting the cost of the appetizer with a friend, my lunch cost me $17--ouch! i did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. it was quite good that way and i might recommend that qs rethink the gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce.
p25
aVwe go here all the time and have ordered almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed. it's veggie diner food at it's best (at least in my opinion). my bf is a meat & potatoes man but he absolutely loves the breakfast  homefries with tofu instead of eggs. the waitstaff have always been exceptionally nice and very attentive. this establishment is best described as a greasy spoon for vegans and vegetarians so if you go in expecting gourmet, you may find yourself disappointed.\u000a\u000aon cold wintery days try a mexican hot chocolate - it will surely warm your heart!
p26
aVwe've figured out where all the hipsters go on the weekend for brunch!\u000a\u000areally excellent french toast, just like my dad used to make. i had the breakfast burrito, which i thought was ok, but not something i would order again. but, more importantly than the food, we just really liked the atmosphere. sitting there in their mismatched, vintage-y looking diner, i felt like i was in the mission in sf (ok, maybe minus the fact that everyone was sporting their winter gear, which would never be necessary in ca). kid friendly too, if that's important to you.
p27
aVi decided to grab dinner on a saturday night at quiet storm. it wasn't packed so i grabbed a seat at the bar. i ordered their graham street tofu sandwich with their 'chorizo' soup and a shampoo soda. the graham street tofu sandwich and soup were very good but the shampoo soda was interesting to say the least and wouldn't order it again. i was nervous i wouldn't get good service after reading some of the reviews but the waiter was friendly and checked in at the right times. i would definitely come back to quiet storm since they've got me curious about their other dishes. i also like the laid back vibe of the place, bringing me back to forrest gump time.
p28
aVi love good vegetarian options! \u000a\u000aimmediately upon stepping into quiet storm you'll realize their myriad of owl decor and local art hanging on the walls and counter top. the place is comfortable and is perfect if you want to just relax and read the paper. \u000a\u000athis little cafe has it all - milkshakes to die for, vegan baked goods, yummy breakfast burritos, and killer french toast. their imitation meat was average compared to some other one's i've had - but it's not something to harp on. \u000a\u000athe service was pretty fast and friendly as well so remember to tip well!
p29
aVi'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant. it just has to be a parody of a vegetarian restaurant. like, every time i start reading the menu i think ashton kutcher is going to pop out and tell me i've been punk'd.\u000a\u000aa small disclaimer: i am not vegan or vegetarian and i never will be. i love meat. but i also love vegetables and fruits and pretty much the entire food pyramid. and these things can be combined to make tasty vegan food. but "texturized vegetable protein hydrated with seasonings" is not food to me. yep, that description of their "chorizo" comes directly off their menu. eating vegetarian does not mean you need to subject yourself to these highly processed "foods."\u000a\u000aless processed substitutes like tofu, tempeh, and seitan are used as well, but they are mostly treated as a stand-in for meat. i guess if you are a vegetarian that misses eating meat, this may satisfy you. however, as an omnivore, why would i eat a faux-blt when i can eat a real one? how about instead of trying to imitate the flavor and texture of meat, we actually come up with creative combinations of vegetables, fruits, and legumes that are delicious in their own right. what a concept! have you ever eaten a vegetarian dish and thought, "whoa, i can't believe i actually like this better than meat"? i have! but don't expect that feeling here. it will be more like: "umm...i guess tofu mixed with nutritional yeast is kinda reminiscent of scrambled eggs?"\u000a\u000atwo stars because i really like the drinks here. the ones i remember trying were the ginger lemonade, the mexican hot chocolate, and the root beer with a shot of espresso. they have some really wonderful sounding tea options that i wish i could try, but i generally avoid this place because of the food.
p30
aVit had been a very very long time since i'd visited quiet storm. for some weird reason, i had in my head that they made these awesome smoothies. well... they do not. but they make milkshakes. any other day i would have totes been into the shake but...\u000a\u000ai reeeeeally wanted a smoothie, so i opted out of the milkshake (i know, a rare occasion), and went with a iced chai. i love that they make their own mix of chai and they also don't sweeten it, so you can sweeten it yourself. super sweet chai is super gross. just sayin'. \u000a\u000ai also ordered the sesame noodle platter (noodles, soy, tofu, red cabbage, mushrooms, broccoli, onions, peppers) with a ginger carrot salad. it was a solid meal. i mean, it wasn't necessarily a platter (i think a variety of separate items), but a noodle dish. i liked that there was a decent amount of veggies and not just a few, with a massive amount of noodles. i hate when that happens! it was also lightly sauced, not too heavy and sticky. plus the fried tofu was awesome! honestly, i've never had such good tofu before. i rarely get it because i think tofu can be so bland, but this was bomb! \u000a\u000aa nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. free wifi and nice big tables to work on. plus, throw in friendly service and it's a win!
p31
aVafter a long day at work i met up with a friend for some german fair on the northside. i don't get out to this neck of the woods that often so it was a treat for me! all appetizers are  $2.99 during happy hour so we went with the potato pockets which were perogies in my book. they were crispy and creamy, and topped with fried onions. they also had a side of french onion sour cream. pretty tasty stuff! plus they gave you so many i could have filled up just on the app. i ordered the bell's oberon while my dining partner ordered the sampler. i have to say that she wasn't that impressed with the brew. "dirty pipes" and i quote. i had the same taste from my order so i focused on the food.\u000a\u000awe both ended up ordering max's goulash that was suggested by another yelper! you can't go wrong when you have that recommendation. this is not our small town neighborhood goulash made from egg noodles and a mix with ground beef. the noodles in this feast were homemade and chunky, piled high with a peppery meaty sauce infused with fall off the fork beef, carrots, peas, and tiny pearl onions. if you remember yesterday was a cold, rainy, gloomy day. this was real comfort and i had to take it to go. rain is still in the forecast so leftovers will be grand!
p32
aVlet me start off by saying that i am unfamiliar with german food. i cannot compare what i had with what is served in germany, but i will describe my experience. \u000a\u000ai ordered a special, which apparently changes at weekly or monthly. the name slips my mind but i will describe it thus: homemade mac and cheese (not the processed powder stuff!) with mini shell pasta. crumbled crackers topped this concoction that tastes eerily like my grandmother's. she is italian by the way. the mac and cheese has a variety of 3 different sausages sliced: knackwurst, bratwurst, and weisswurst. the portion was large! i had to take home about 1/3 of my meal. maybe the breads and side salad filled me up. :) in my opinion, it was good but doesn't do well as a leftover. \u000a\u000amy dessert consisted of german chocolate cake. i know, i know...how original. but i love german chocolate cake!!!! and yes, i do know that german chocolate was created in america by a man with the last name of german...still love it!!! \u000a\u000ai need to go back soon so i can try more of their food. one visit isn't enough. i had my sample and i want more!
p33
aVlet me preface this by saying that my understanding of goulash came from what my mom called goulash.  goulash in the contrucci household was made of elbow noodles, beef and spaghetti sauce.  i guess you can't believe everything your parents tell you right?  \u000a\u000aso going in here, i was thinking, great...mom's goulash!  what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to.  it was a mish mosh of veggies,noodles, gravy and some random unidentifiable food items.  i usually eat whatever is put in front of me, so i wasn't scared to dive it.  sadly, i just didn't like it.  i thought it was actually not very appetizing at all.  i know, i know, this is like "world famous" goulash, but i was not into it!  \u000a\u000awhat i was into was the german potato salad.  i love it, and honestly, i feel like i never get the same version of it anywhere in the burgh.  this was a no frills version, with scallop sliced potatoes and a thick vinegar sauce.  maybe a bit too much, but not enough for me to eat it all!  \u000a\u000awould i go back? if someone else really wanted to go there, but i wouldn't suggest it nor would i go on my own.  oh well, on to the next one right?
p34
aVreally excellent german food. everything on the menu is delicious. i always enjoy the knockwurst platter. the potato pancakes are great.  i used to think german food was always heavy, however when it's cooked well, the way max's serves it, it's light, tender and delicious.
p35
aVthis is hands down the best german restaurant in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000ait is fantastic, although there are two menu items that are inedible.  do not order the chicken viennese, or the goulash.\u000a\u000ai absolutely love this place.  i always get the sampler platter and get two knackwurst and a schnitzel lichtenstein and then take half of it home.  this review isn't very exciting, bc now i'm thinking about how i was schnitzel lichtenstein...\u000a\u000alisten i grew up a kleine madchen in stuttgart germany.  i know my german food, and if you are thinking hoffbrau haus you are thinking of just one type of german cuisine.  aside from when atria's has their oktoberfest menu, this is the most authentic german food in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000ahow good is max's?\u000a\u000ait was good enough my german family and i held my sister's rehearsal dinner there.  and they even let us have polter abend on the sidewalk outside!  \u000a\u000ait is good enough we take our father there for father's day.\u000a\u000aif you haven't taken your dad out to dinner lately, you should!  take him to max's!\u000a\u000areasonably priced, and the interior reminds me a little of eating at my grandmother's house.
p36
aVafter hearing hofbrauhaus-haters say that max's allegheny tavern is the only place to go in pittsburgh for german food, my husband and i decided to finally try the restaurant this afternoon.\u000a\u000awe were seated in little booths right next to the bar. they were cozy, but the seats reminded me of old fashioned church pews. our waitress soon brought us a little basket of four rolls with butter, sauerkraut relish, and apple butter. though i liked the different varieties of bread, it was nothing special. the relish and apple butter were a nice touch though.\u000a\u000aour waitress was busy with both waiting tables and tending the bar, but she managed to check on us pretty frequently. our food also came out relatively promptly. i order the wiener schnitzel with potato pancakes and spatzle on the side. the wiener schnitzel was amazing -- by far the best i've ever had! the veal was tender and the fried surface was perfectly crispy. however, the sides sadly did not match this main dish. the potato pancakes were oddly bitter, and i did not enjoy them with either the sour cream or applesauce. i only ate two or three bites and completely stopped eating them. (i must add that hofbrauhaus's potato pancakes are delicious and something that i order every time that i go there.) i also did not enjoy the spatzle, but i am accustomed to eating cheese spatzle.... so i may be reviewing this harshly since i'm just not used to plain spatzle, but in my opinion, it was terribly bland and watery.\u000a\u000aoverall, max's allegheny tavern served one incredible item (wiener schnitzel), but everything else was merely mediocre. because of this, i really don't plan on returning to the restaurant again any time soon. i'll be sticking with the fun environment and overall good food at hofbrauhaus, actually.
p37
aVi've been here once because this was an easy place to meet for dinner with a friend. i enjoyed eating here well enough.\u000a\u000ai'm honestly not a die-hard fan of german food, although i guess that wouldn't have mattered: a peak at the menu beforehand revealed that this place's menu is mostly americanized - proof of this is the fact that my salad was topped with french fries (only in pittsburgh...). trust me, even if you don't really like german food, there'll at least be a sandwich you'll like here.\u000a\u000athinking about my usual "overall" summary, i have to say this place wasn't bad and served as a reasonable place to meet - the beer menu looked nice from what i saw and the atmosphere was pretty cozy and even nostalgic and homely - but man, the dining options really weren't that extraordinary. i'm still torn as to how to feel about its menu, because on the one hand obviously it being americanized meant even i could find something to enjoy, but on the other i feel bad for the people who do like german food and may not be getting what they hope for. \u000a\u000ait wasn't bad enough that i'd say don't try it and see - just understand it may not be exactly what you expect.
p38
aVprobably the best german restaurant in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000athere's nothing i like better than meat, it ties grains for the best food group in the pyramid (i reject the plate). \u000a\u000awe got the sausage platter, bavarian stuffed pretzel, and the max's sampler platter. i'm still drooling over their stuffed pretzels.  \u000a\u000ai think what won me over as the basket full of bread. not only was there a surplus of meat but also bread?? free? indescribable happiness.
p39
aVahhh dor-stop. a nice little brunch spot. i ordered the egg combo this time around. the eggs were average, and the bacon was pretty skimpy, but the pancakes. ohhhhhhh the pancakes! if it wasn't for these scrumptious staples of breakfast i would never know why it was worth waiting 30 minutes for a table. i ordered the pumpkin pancakes. these this are filling! i could only eat 1 1/2 before being stuffed like the thanksgiving turkey. mmmm stuff a turkey with pumpkin pancake .............. anyway. i usually need syrup to add flavor to this sweet treat, but i didn't need any here! i also tried darren's chocolate chip pancakes. the had so many semisweet chips in them i thought they were stuffed pancakes at first! soooooo good but even one round cake would make me feel a bit sick from sugar overload. the staff seems able to keep up with the tidal wave of a crowd and get everyone in and out rather quickly. i like that! if you're looking for a place to relax and take your time, this ain't it. if you want some quality pancakes or french toast (poor man's egg sandwich as the britts call it) and a show watching the cooks do their thang, come here and and be amazed!
p40
aVwhat an awesome spot for brunch. though we don't live too far away the traffic was horrendous and all we could think about was some yummy food to shovel into our mouths. even though the place was packed we were luckily seated right away and presented with menu eery person wants to see on a saturday morning. we all ordered what we wanted and didn't have to wait too long! best part is, everything is made from scratch and you can def tell. \u000a\u000awe thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at a decent price and we will for sure be back.
p41
aVstill craving their pancakes. it's been weeks. \u000a\u000athe price is decent for a diner, maybe a little pricier, but i'm pretty sure i'd name my first born after this place. the service is quick and friendly and you get seated pretty fast so no worries! \u000a\u000ai tried their sandwiches and they were pretty killer, but the pancakes. the pancakes. i dream about the doughy, melt to the top of your mouth, sugary meal.  it is food deserving of the gods. \u000a\u000athen again, i'm partial to breakfast.
p42
aVwe used to live right around the corner from this delicious diners, drive-ins, and dives spot, and i'm so sad to now live 30 minutes away. the pancakes are definitely the best item at this dive - the chocolate chip and pumpkin are to die for! service is also pretty quick for a location that has such a cramped dining room and tiny kitchen space. plan to wait a bit (maybe 30 minutes or so) for a table on saturday mornings!
p43
aVheard about this place from diners, drive-ins, and dives. great breakfast place for decent prices. portions were huge. got the eggs benedict and banana chocolate chip pancakes. pancakes were a little too sweet and was sickening after a while but benedict was delicious. the ham was extremely large and juicy. the eggs perfect sunny side up (i love it when you stab the yolk and it runs all over the food). i liked that they used some kind of toast instead of regular english muffins. the hollandaise sauce was rich and buttery, maybe a little bit too rich.
p44
aVyou know how jimmy buffet has cheeseburger in paradise? mine is more like pancake in paradise and this place is it! \u000a\u000awhile pamela's serves up the amazing thin crepe-like pancakes, the dor-stop serves up the fluffy equivalent. the list of different combos goes on and on. and if you're with a really good friend, you can order two different ones and split them! genius!\u000a\u000ai split the banana chocolate chip pancakes and the pumpkin pancakes. while the pumpkin was incredible, i think i slightly more enjoyed the banana chocolate chip just because the combo is such a winning one! but come fall, i may be all over the pumpkin ones again. although, i'd probably be cheating myself because i have to work my way down the list of them all!\u000a\u000athe only thing that would pull me away would be the french toast. it almost seems cruel i have to choose between the two! and it's so dirt cheap too! i think for three people it was around $25 bucks. with coffee and some sides! \u000a\u000ai think there's some other stuff on the menu, but who knows if i'll ever even experience them... how can i with those pancakes!
p45
aVwell, looks like i'm adding yet another 5-star review for dor-stop. but hey, they definitely deserve it! in fact dor-stop is so good that i came here two days in a row a couple weekends ago - once for a sit-down meal, and once to get a meal to-go just so i could try a second item on the menu.\u000a\u000ai actually hadn't eaten at dor-stop in years until earlier this month - their hours and my schedule don't tend to mesh. but one afternoon i just happened to be using 1/2 a vacation day, so i came with a family member. since it was the middle of the day on a friday, the place was fairly empty, which i definitely didn't mind - this place is pretty cozy and so it gets cramped quickly during weekend dining rushes.\u000a\u000abut on to the food, the important part of this review! my dining companion ordered a salad - complete with french fries, 'cause that's how we do salads in pittsburgh - and i ordered their feta burger. sure, their raspberry stuffed french toast caught my eye...but feta burger! how often do you see that on the menu? and i loved that burger, by the way - it was well cooked and the toppings blended perfectly (i snagged a few mushrooms from my companion's salad which made it even better), and definitely felt like good diner food. i left feeling super happy with my meal.\u000a\u000abuuuuut...the next day i still couldn't get that french toast of my mind. i just couldn't. so i called in an order for pick-up - good thing i did, too, because there was nowhere to sit when i came in! saturdays are definitely jam-packed here, understandably so. well, i got my food, brought it home, and proceeded to devour it. just, yum! seriously - that french toast is a must!\u000a\u000aif i was going to complain about anything it would be that the seating really isn't the most comfortable on the planet, buuuuut...i can't hold it against them. i just can't. not after that french toast. see you next time, dor-stop!
p46
aVthis place is no longer the cool hole-in-the-wall place to get a hot dog and beer (from a good selection).  they've expanded and that is both good and bad in my mind.  i liked the small, personal feel to the old place, but it definitely limited how many people who could be in the shop at a time.  so, now they have a much more extended seating area with a bar area and a back room devoted to brews.  i brought my friends here who like beer, and they were ecstatic to find a fave beer that they haven't been able to find anywhere in the dc area.  (go pittsburgh!).  the selection is nice and its good to see that i can find those out of the way beers so that i don't have to get just the norm from a beer distributor.  \u000a\u000athe hot dogs?  none of us were gushing about them afterward.  but they're ok.  4 stars for the beer selection.
p47
aVthough you may hear this comment about many places in pittsburgh, d's sixpax & dogz is a bit of an institution. \u000athis place used to be a tiny closet-like neighbour bar. it has expanded in the past couple years, moved the beer around and now they keep most bottles in a walk in beer cooler. they also have a rotating selection of draft beers. they still have a beer cave in the back. \u000a\u000athe beer selection is quite good. the service can be both good and bad, depending on the server you get. the place is very relaxed. the food isn't particularly memorable. i enjoy the fish sandwih. fries are good. it's great for groups. it can get quite busy.
p48
aVtheir chicken bbq pizza is among the greaseiest i've ever consumed, but their beer selection is good, atmosphere is pleasant, and service is friendly.
p49
aVwell, it has good hot dogs and a wide, wide variety of beer, stocking without pretense; miller and unibrau.  the hot dogs are good.  the beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three.
p50
aVto speak ill of d's would be blasphemy to any true pittsburgher. it really doesn't get much better if you're in the mood for pub grub. pizza is awesome, the fries are amazing - i'm going to go as far as saying better than potato patch - they are so crispy and not swimming in grease! what is their magic method? the burgers and dogz - all gluttonous goodies and you can get them all veggie style. if you're watching your waist line you may want to skip this place...but i say go ahead and treat yourself! \u000a\u000aoh! and did i mention the beer selection isn't too shabby? watermelon beer in the summer...mouth watering.
p51
aVa day after the st. patty's day libations the only thing i'm craving is some greasy junk food. regent square hits the spot with some chili cheese fries straight from d's. normally i enjoy fishing around the plentiful selection of booze. a hair of the dog was not gonna happen that hangover sunday. i stuck to shoveling high calorie food into my gullet instead.\u000a\u000athe last time i was here i selected from the hot dog menu, and they weren't that great. how can you mess up a frank you may be wondering?  i can only guess that it's the dogs themselves or the way they are prepared. they're kinda chewy. dormont dogs rallies but the best dog i've had was at dirty franks in cbus oh. the chili cheese fries are good though. so today i made sure to get my fries fix in and try a burger. this weekend i had burgers on the brain! my bf and i got the balboa, the bbq texas, and two dogs, mac n' cheese and mason dixon with with cheese.\u000a\u000athe burgers had really delish toppings but the meat was so dry. it was overcooked and did not have one bit of juicyness dripping down my hand. missing that major component they were truly lackluster. the macaroni dog wasn't that great either. mac n' cheese should be creamy, salty, buttery. so sorry but this weenie came up flat too. i did like the mason dixon! the crunchy-ness of the coleslaw made a huge difference but the meat was still chewy and too salty. could it be that i am too picky when it comes to my meat? if i am shopping for picnic eats i do go for smith hot dogs with the casing or the large sized hebrew nationals. now those are the mouthwatering crowd pleasers i'm talkin' about!
p52
aVenter into d's (after figuring out the correct door - i still make this mistake) and you'll be greeted by a long draft bar. for chrissakes, they have delirium on tap! the real jewel, though, is in the back. you have the beer cave with hundreds of different types of cold beers for carry out, or you can build your own six pack from the unchilled beers and chill them on the spot. d's is still the only place i've ever found the elusive hopfenweisen by schneiderweiss and brooklyn brewery, perhaps the best beer i've ever had.\u000a\u000awhile d's is worth it for the beer alone, the food's not bad either. the pizza is average, but they truly do have the best hot dogs in the city.\u000a\u000afinally, bring a growler or buy one of theirs. prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding.
p53
aVi am not huge on hot dogs or beer. however, i am huge on add-ons. this is where d's comes in. i totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog. it has avocado!!! the wings are delish too. this place is a must go for beer lovers. i am still the light and sweet kinda beer person, so i tried something with raspberry notes in it, and loved it! oh and the fries are awe-frickin-some!! my second fave in the city after point brugge.
p54
aVbest. beer. selection. hands. down. we waited almost an hour for a table but the bartender was super attentive the whole time and was on point with suggestions. it was def worth the wait too! we ordered a pizza and a few apps which were so good. no complaints here - we will totally be back.
p55
aVthe mac n cheese dog i had was just ok, but the mason dixon with its slaw and chili was killer. the fries and barbeque wings were just as good. i also liked the atmosphere, the mural, and the employees who were really nice and honest and helpful. it's in a cool neighborhood too. go!
p56
aVmy three stars are for the decor, wow so much to see! there was a giant mural on the wall to the left of our table with just about every iconic figure from kermit the frog, to einstein really it was a sight to see. my little sister, little bro and i had a blast playing where's waldo, while we waited for our order's to be taken. the  decor and wall murals were about the most interesting thing about our dining experience.\u000a\u000afor a meal for 3 people i spent $50 ouch that's a little high for a hotdog shop and something i wasn't expecting such a high bill.\u000a\u000athe kiddies did enjoy their meals, we got cheese and chili fries, a mason dixon dog, a red alert dog,  two beef dogs with mustard and ketchup, two drafts of pumpkin ale(for me) and a philly cheese steak. \u000a\u000athe dogs are  bigger than average, but the chili tasted like your standard chili from a can, i was hoping that with the price tag of $5.00 a dog the chili would have more character. \u000a\u000amy little bro proclaimed at the end of his meal, "i'm full, i've never  been full off of two hotdogs!"\u000a\u000ai'll do anything to put a smile on kids face, even though the food fell flat, the restaurant was fun and we smiled laughed and jokes through a rather mediocre meal.
p57
aVawesome place! i discovered this when i was looking for a place to buy beer to go by the bottle that had a good variety, then i discovered this place was a full bar/restaurant.  besides getting bottles to go, you can also drink from any of their many drafts on tap or their individual bottles.  many are already in a chilled section, but they also have a beer chiller machine that can chill a room temp bottle in like 5 minutes! and they have a huge selection of beers, both imported and local microbrews.  they also have a nice menu with a variety of things, including hot dogs, hamburgers, salads, etc.  hot dogs are one of their specialties and i'm not a huge hot dog fan but the bratwurst i had with bacon and mac-n-cheese on top was amazing! i also had the fried zucchini appetizer which was cooked perfectly and the sauces were very tasty (marinara and a spicy ranch-like sauce).  i went on a wednesday evening post-happy hour and was surprised how super crowded it was, so it may be hard to get a table on weekend nights.
p58
aVd's six pax & dogz is a legend in the east end. i have eaten here once or twice and gotten takeout from here once. it's tasty, and the beer selection is impressive, but the experience hadn't quite knocked my socks off until last night. \u000a\u000amy husband ordered some to-go food to eat while we were at the nearby the loft bar. he ordered the mac'n cheese hot dog with fries. the hot dog was incredible! the mac and cheese was so delicious that i asked one of the loft's bartenders for a fork to finish off the 1/2 cup of mac and cheese that had fallen off the bun and was laying sadly in the styrofoam box. i wasn't wasting a bite of that deliciousness. the fries were really tasty, too -- super crispy and perfectly seasoned.\u000a\u000abased on my overall experience at d's, i still rate this place 3 stars. however, if i have a few more of the mac'n cheese hot dog and fries combinations, i may be quickly updating my review!
p59
aVi hadn't been to d's in years so when my friend and i took a hike through frick park and decided to stop by d's to grab some grub i was anxious to see if my memory of my past experience was on point years later.\u000a\u000awell it was - great atmosphere, staff and food.  i had the chicago hot dog with a handful of fries.  perfect amount of food and i couldn't even finish the fries...and they were some goooood fries!  \u000a\u000ai got my first pumpkin beer of the season from their beer cave and while i can't remember the brewery it was exactly what i wanted on a cool and crisp day after a hike.  \u000a\u000athis is a great spot for some craft beers and bar type food.
p60
aVthis is a beer lover's dream and one of my favorite spots in regent square.  great place to go to watch a game.  it is also kid friendly as almost every time i am visiting this place there are families with young children enjoying themselves.  the biggest decision is to pick a beer off the draft list which always has a great selection or pick one from in the beer cave. i usually try a draft and then head into the chilled beer cave. there is also a larger section of single beers for purchase in the back that are not cold. if you want to drink them while at the restaurant they have a chiller-so cool!!  my past visit i was impressed by the large selection of pumpkin beers. i tried a bottle called baked by lancaster brewing-tastes just like pumpkin pie!!  to go with it i ventured from my usual chicago dog and ordered the angry tikki-pineapple, bacon and special cheesy, sweet and spicy combo mixture of sauce. i was not disappointed and a great choice. the poppy seed buns they serve the dogs on are the best!
p61
aVwhen i go to heaven, they will have a sephora with d's six pax's beer cave in the back.  and i will be happy.\u000a\u000ai love this place!  i'd love to take my beer loving father here but i'm afraid his heart would give out with excitement.  if its a good brew, it lives here!  i freaking love this place.  can you tell i'm enthusiastic about it?  i recommend you dine here.\u000a\u000athe food is good, i like the black and blue burger, but they have just about any kind of hotdog combination you can dream up.  i really love that you can walk back into the beer cave and pick out your beer, and they offer cool chillers for it.\u000a\u000ahere's the best hike in pittsburgh:  hike in frick park.  take the falls ravine trail until you come out near the bridge.  walk across the bridge.  at ryan's pub, turn right and walk straight ofr awhile.  you'll come to d's six pack and dogs.  you will be ready for a beer, bc its a hike.  but that is the point of hiking.  eat delicious food and drink beer.  call a friend to come pick you up and take you home.  the end.\u000a\u000ain fact, its a damn shame they dont offer a gift registry.  because i would register for beer.  i would.  no judgement.
p62
aVfor my 200th review, i'm going to write a review for d's six pax & dogs, which couples a review i just wrote for the loft- a bar just upstairs from here owned by the same people. i've been to d's a couple of times with groups of friends, and this is quite a fun and neighborhoody venue with good food (amazing veggie dogs!) and great beer. the owners pride themselves in being a little more family friendly, and it seems that this is true from the crowds i have always seen here. but fear not fellow 20 single somethings: this place can be for you too! there is ample room at the bar to chill with good beers to watch the game, and also bring a group of friends to one of the adjoining tables. if i lived over in the regent square/wilkinsburg area, i would stop in here more often. however, it has become a cool bar that i frequent before/after a movie at the regent square theater. cheers!
p63
aVi had lunch here yesterday before the pirates game with a few friends.  i have also been here a few times upstairs.  i really liked the fact that we had no problem getting a seat at the bar or a table.  i usually go to the bars on the north shore prior to pirates game, but this was a lot less crowded and good for the group i was with.  in fact, truth be told the place was only about 1/2 full (on bucs opening day!?).  the food was okay.  i tried these nachos which were good and interesting because it had a decent quality sausage as the meat and not just ground beef.  i also really liked the sweet potato fries.  they were delicious and you usually can't get these at too many places.  i ordered the lobster roll.  it was a ton of lobster, however some of the lobster was a little overcooked and it was ice cold.  i can understand serving cool even though id prefer warm, but ice cold really wasn't that good when they put warm butter on it.  i also tried the tortilla soup, which was really rich and had a good spicy flavor.  the only thing missing in the tortilla soup was the tortilla chips.  a minor oversight i imagine.  overall, a pretty decent place when you are looking to just have a few beers with friends.  i've also tried the upstairs bar which is the more upscale section.  the bar is huge which is good plenty of room, and their is plenty of seating including leather couches.  the happy hour is okay, but it's pretty much a ghosttown after 8 pm.  overall a decent place for quiet drinks without the crowds and a little better than average food.
p64
aVhappy hour specials are $1 off drafts and half-priced appetizers.\u000atry the calamari, it's got a funky sauce but really tasty.\u000a\u000aolive or twist is usually really crowded for hh on fridays, which is when my work crew usually rolls in.  i've only been here once during a non-friday hh, and it was much more enjoyable.  the food has been hit-or-miss, but i have generally been impressed with the apps.  \u000a\u000ai gave this place three stars because of several things.  i've tried a lot of beers here, but i often get them with a glass of 'funk.'  they need to clean their lines more often to get rid of that taste, and drop the price a bit; this is pittsburgh, not boston.  martinis have been hit-or-miss; they've done an excellent job on the dirty ketel one, but some of the girls have gotten foo-foo drinks that have been undrinkable.
p65
aVstopped in for a drink on new years eve . after experiecing several places for horrible service on the same day , this place was very refreshing . the bar was very crowded but the staff made sure that everyone who came in was waited on right away . great service tops everything else .
p66
aVthe twist is that this place has much more to offer than just drinks!  the ambiance is great for either a happy hour, pre-performance drink/dinner or night out.  there's a small restaurant set up downstairs and then upstairs has a really hip lounge feel.  the tomato bisque is beyond amazing and the desserts are decadent.  but since they have it in the name, the martini list is fantastic, not to mention tastes great!
p67
aVfriday night girls night out and we were on the town. olive or twist located near the cultural district right across from the theater was the place to be. it is mostly the young professional crowd. the decor is brick with lounge couches upstairs, welcoming you to grab a martini and have a seat while searching eyes as people go by.\u000a\u000ai can't say this is a south side meat market vibe but the young are here to mix and meet. this particular night we were full of giggles and playful flirtations. there was some kind of cmu business men event going on and within a minute the bar was packed with young eligible bachelors in suits. way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out. everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so i joined in with my signature dirty martini. it was made just right. the ambiance and music was light. i was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation. i didn't get to sample the food because we had already eaten but i will def be back. this place would be ideal for a date night. stay tuned...
p68
aVi stopped in here for a drink yesterday and to meet some friends at the upstairs lounge. love it! so spacious, great art work on the walls and the bartenders were extremely nice and attentive. the happy hour drink prices were also pretty good. i didn't get a chance to try any food but i did wander down for a minute and it seemed like everyone was having a good time. i'll def be back!
p69
aVwhat can i say about you olive - you're my staple, my default, but not in a bad way.  i know during those indecisive evenings which taunt me, i can always turn to you for comfort, good atmosphere, delectable food and a tasty drink.\u000a\u000awhile you're not always top of mind with the emerging bar/restaurant scene in the area, i do remember you often and stop by occasionally.  you are my go-to for happy hours that bring large groups of friends together with varying tastes.  b/c that's just who you are olive...you appeal to the masses and don't just belong to me.\u000a\u000ayou make a killer martini and know how to attract the young professional community in the region.  what about twist - well he brings that second wind after a long work week, the spark at the end of the night and makes you think, "who knows where this night will take me".  you make a perfect pair!  \u000a\u000ai'm glad we've become such close friends and you both always welcome me with open arms even when it's been a while.
p70
aVi enjoyed myself flying solo per the usual, i stopped in after work shortly after 10pm the bar was lively and had a great vibe everyone looked like they were there to have a good time. there were no shaders to be found. \u000a\u000ai was served my drink and had my food order placed , in less then 5 minutes even though it was crowded. \u000anothing takes the fun out of a bar experience more than having to wait an exuberant amount of time to get your drink, which was not the case for olive or twist, even on a friday night with easily 50 people in the bar.\u000a\u000amy bartender linda was no-nonsense when my glass was empty she was quick with another. \u000a\u000ai had the caprese salad and tomato basil soup.  the caprese was just fine by me. , the mozzarella was sliced thick, for a caprese it was a very hearty portion. \u000a \u000anow for the soup it was thick and creamy but wasn't warm what so ever!!! granted it was after 10pm but i would have liked it be served a little warmer. \u000a\u000ai saw some pretty amazing and tasty martini's being prepared. olive or twist has a martini that is served with sprinkles rimming the glass i think i overheard that it was called the cake batter martini, fun and impressive!
p71
aVone of my favorite lunch spots downtown!\u000a\u000athis restaurant is pretty sleek, it's also small which means it can get crowded but it gets crowded because its worth it!\u000a\u000atheir martinis are fantastic.  in fact, i had my first martini here--this is where i learned that just bc your martini tastes like a pineapple its still straight liquor and should be sipped, not slammed.  i recommend all of the martinis, and for what you get i think the pricing is pretty reasonable. \u000a\u000athe food is great too!  stop in for a drink, stop in for dinner, just try it sometime if you haven't yet.
p72
aVi love olive or twist. absolutely love it. as i'm sure everyone who has been here has mentioned, it has a fantastic drink menu that offers a decent variety in terms of its alcoholic beverages - everything from various delicious martini-style drinks to the standard favorite beers. the place also features a really good menu; i'm very partial to its crab cake sandwich, which really hits the spot and has a perfect balance of crabcake with toppings and dressing. i especially love how any sauces or dips with appetizers are usually served in a martini glass. it's a cute and well-thought touch.\u000a\u000athe only drawback here is that olive or twist is pretty darn popular; this place gets very noisy after 4:00 very quickly, especially as the happy hour prices kick in. this is even assuming you can get in - i've tried to go here on nights when it's completely booked. completely. every table, top and bottom floor, with only standing room near the bar.\u000a\u000ai will continue to be a major fan because the drinks and eats really are fantastic, but will probably avoid coming here during its busiest days and hours (i.e. the end of the week and beginning of the weekend).
p73
aVthis is the perfect place to go before a show downtown. i love the atmosphere of the restaurant in particular the upstairs space. it has a lofty, cozy feel.  great place for drinks or and event (can rent the upstairs space).  my last visit was for a working business meeting.  glad we made reservations for it was busy on a friday evening. i ordered the roast beef sandwich which was very tasty and flavorful.  i love that you have a variety of options for a side and they do not charge you extra. i picked my favorite, mashed potatoes.  a colleague ordered the pesto pasta dish which looked delicious.  we didn't order drinks but in past visits they have a really nice variety of beer and i tried the banana bread beer (available in bottles) which is so tasty!! my only complaint was that it took a while for the waitress to take our orders and bring out the checks but it was very crowded with large parties. we stayed at our table after dinner to finish up some work and they did not mind which was great!
p74
aVi stopped by olive or twist for a couple of drinks with my friend and fellow yelper carrie w. after seeing the nutcracker at the benedum last fri.  when carrie suggested that we grab some drinks, i suggested that we go to olive or twist because i'd been wanting to check it out for awhile. i rarely receive the opportunity to go out for drinks after shows because some of my friends who i attend shows with tire out early (lame) or don't really go to bars ever (even lamer), so i was excited to finally have the opportunity to imbibe a few in a classy setting downtown.\u000a\u000agiven that it was my birthday, i knew exactly what i wanted drink-wise, thanks to rachel c.'s review: the cake batter martini!  thanks to other reviews, i was aware that o or t's specialty martinis are dessert-y drinks rather than your typical martini.  this was absolutely fine by me, since i enjoy sweeter digestifs later at night.  as can be seen from my photo, this martini comes with a rim of chocolate syrup spangled with multicolored decorative sprinkles, which made for a very festive--and delicious--birthday drink.  once i finished it, i went for a second round and chose the mint chocolate martini, which also came adorned with chocolate syrup.  it tasted exactly like melted mint ice cream--my favorite kind.  yum!\u000a\u000awe sat at the upstairs side bar, and service from the bartenders was generally good--one of them even wished me happy birthday when i mentioned why i was ordering the cake batter martini.  while it was busy, it wasn't so crowded as to feel claustrophobic.  the noise level was a bit on the loud side--but then again, what bar isn't?\u000a\u000ai really enjoyed my visit to o or t, and look forward to returning again, once i can convince my friends to stop by for a drink.  i'd love to check out the happy hour, in particular.  because i haven't tried the regular (non-specialty) drinks or the food, i'm going with a 4, but i'll update my review once i return and do so.
p75
aVhave you ever watched them make this sandwich?  it's a special craft for sure.  they take two pieces of white italian bread.  pile on your choice of meat and cheese....then the grand finale....cole slaw and fries!  then the put both hands on the sandwich and proceed to smoosh it all down flat. all this is done with their bare hands, no gloves here, so all you sanitary peeps beware! \u000a\u000ai don't know why it's such a fantastic sammy, but trust, it is!  i think it's just the combination of delicious (and fatty) ingredients that does the job.  it's just one more food experience that makes pittsburgh's dining unique. \u000a\u000aif you're visiting pittsburgh, go here?  if you're new to pittsburgh, go here! if you just need your fill of a sandwich with more sides on it than you usually order in a regular sitting, go here!
p76
aVi understand primanti is a historic institution here in pittsburgh but other than the name i don't think it has much going on unless you're in the mood for quantity versus quality. i got reeled into my experience because everyone said to try it when i moved here. really simple menu as you just choose the meat you'd like in your sandwich. i went with pastrami which was good but the combination of the cole slaw, tomato, french fries and bread was just okay and made it soggy as i finished the second half. the sheer size of it all was just too much too. i wouldn't return again, though if you're visiting and into doing pittsburgh touristy stuff i would say you would need to experience primanti to judge for yourself.
p77
aVi can respect primanti's and the following they have, but i just don't like their sandwiches that much.  i probably have them once a year b/c someone from out of town wants to go there.  \u000a\u000asometimes i forget how much i don't like the sandwiches until that one time a year.  sorta how you perceive the holidays to be this joyous time and then reality hits you and realize that's it's completely overrated.\u000a\u000ai usually get the cappicola and cheese sandwich and it's alot of salty meat, with some bland fries, mild cole slaw, cheese completely hidden by the other ingredients between two slices of bread.  maybe primanti's should make up a secret sauce b/c it's always so damn dry.  \u000a\u000ai think i need to learn my lesson and stop going there.  i would have given it 2 stars but it seems like such a pittsburgh staple that i didn't have the heart to dock them any stars.  see, this pittsburgh girl still gives props to her roots!
p78
aVsubway calls their line folks "sandwich artists."  if those people are considered artists, then the cooks at primanti bros are friggin' picasso.  \u000aif you've never sat by the grill, you should, just to see them in action.  on a busy lunch day, it's not uncommon for them to have 15 things going at once, and they keep track of what's what via...broken french fries.  i've never seen or heard them get anything wrong, either!  while i wouldn't call them chefs, as the menu at the end of the day is simple, they definitely have a solid skill set at the griddle.\u000a\u000aif you've never been to primaniti's, here are a few tips from a seasoned veteran.  \u000atip 1:  always get fried egg.  always.  on everything.  \u000atip 2:  pick up a bottle of hot sauce and sploosh it on the fries...those of you complaining about bland fries definitely need to try the hot sauce technique, as it makes a definite difference.  \u000atip 3: the "cheesesteak" sucks and is a travesty that people are encouraged to order this abomination, as compared to many other items of deliciousness on the menu. \u000atip 4: i'm a  big fan of capicola (with egg) and the colossal fish.  the fish is huge, and you will feel like a fat kid if you finish it.  \u000atip 5: a 23oz  "iron" is only like $4.  get one and talk like a yinzer for a complete experience.\u000a\u000athe market square location is just as good as the original in the strip.  oakland is meh, southside comes up third in my book.  i haven't been to others.  if you're coming in from out of town though, any of them will fit the ill.
p79
aVwhen i first moved to pittsburgh 2 years ago, i visited the strip district primanti brothers location several times before trying this location in market square. i was initially a little skeptical but highly recommend this location over the original!\u000a\u000athe sandwiches are just as good, if not better, in market square and actually bigger. i attribute this to the mostly male staff here vs. female in the strip district since they seem to make most of their sandwiches based on "handfuls."\u000a\u000ai also enjoy the atmosphere at this location best. yes, it's still a bit divey, but it's less diner and more bar than the strip district primanti. overall, i recommend this restaurant as a great, inexpensive place to grab a sandwich and beer in market square.
p80
aVpeople knock on this place - but i always find myself defending it. \u000a\u000awhile it may be overrated for being featured on the food network, it is a pretty good sandwich place (no not just because the portions...while they are generous) \u000a\u000athe fries are a bit bland but i'm a huge fan of the cole slaw they have there - while it may not be anything "special" it's a classic (not creamy cole slaw mind you). the colossal fish sandwich is pretty good. the cheese steak is not a cheese steak! but that's because i'm from philadelphia and any cheese steak that isn't made and prepared there is not a cheese steak to me. \u000a\u000athe only thing is the sanitation there is...questionable.  just don't think about the sticky surfaces and slimy-ish floors. \u000a\u000afor a cheap, giant sandwich i'd take the germs any day.
p81
aVwell, it finally happened: i had to give a place a single star. and it kills me that the place i gave it to had to be primanti's. i'm an awful pittsburgher.\u000a\u000ai don't give low ratings easily or often, so believe me: this place pushed all of my buttons to earn this awful review. in fact, the single star was only earned because the place is cleaner and more comfy than some of the other primanti places i've been too. it kind of has an old diner feeling to it and i liked that. \u000a\u000aalas, that's all i liked.\u000a\u000aso, why such a low score? well:\u000a\u000athe service was terrible. after spending twenty minutes sitting without anyone coming to refill my water or ask for my actual order - note, the place was almost completely empty - i went to the register to ask for something to eat, which i'd started to think i had to do after watching a couple people do the same (in hindsight, i probably misinterpreted their actions, but my mistake does not excuse what happened next). my waiter looked at me and went, "don't you get the concept of a restaurant? haven't you been to any restaurants, like, ever? sit back down and i'll take your order." \u000a\u000aand not even in a joking manner that made me feel like i could smile about my mistake - this guy was being a condescending, rude, arrogant person. it was unbelievable. utterly, totally unbelievable. if i hadn't met company there that night, i would have walked out right then.\u000a\u000ato make matters worse, this was not a good night to order anything at primanti's. the coleslaw was way too sweet and there was far too much of it, the fries were bland and had no texture at all, and there was barely any meat on my sandwich at all. the result? a big pile of carbs that really didn't taste great after the first few bites, rather than a delicious sandwich.\u000a\u000abefore you all kill me, please note: i liked my meal at mt. lebanon's primanti location. they also have a more diverse menu, which is always a bonus for me - i like having more options. i think in the future, i will stick to that location in this local chain, where even on a busy night i managed to get food in a decent amount of time. i certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if i spot my previous, downright awful waiter working there again.
p82
aVokay, so it's not been my favorite week.  and after contemplating a dive off the ft. duquesne bridge, i followed some ex friend hag's advice and decided to get out of the house to go do something!  now, being a typical woman, she suggested retail shopping therapy.  but i'm not one to blow my budget out of the water over a broken heart/bad-man-done-me wrong deal.  no way.  so, i go to roland's.  now, i'm not saying that they are better then a 1-800 help-me hot line.  but, they come darn close.  i had one of their famous hot lobster rolls.  sure, david (hot & sweet little server) suggested that i consider having the cold roll, but no, i'm a woman.  i do not listen.  hot, hot, hot.  amy is right.  the buttery rolls do melt in your mouth.  the strawberry margarita wasn't half bad, either.   actually, it was totally awesome.  while it didn't entirely make all my problems go away, it made me forget about them for an hour or so.  and so, life goes on.....
p83
aVthis is a great summertime place.  i have been going to rolands since i turned 21 a decade ago.   the beer selection is one of the best in pittsburgh if not the best.  and, i agree with jason p. in that the best sandwich in the burgh is the lobster roll.  i prefer the cold lobster roll as opposed to the hot, but they are both awesome.  it's a very generous portion of lobster on a garlic bread roll.  they have a very good raw bar with oysters, shrimp, crab and other goodies.  the outdoor seating is awesome.  sit upstairs and look at the passerby's on the street at the strip.  saturday's and sunday's afternoon are the best time to visit.  the pizza is also pretty good, brick oven and thin crust.  the seafood stew is a great deal for about $15 you get a delicious broth and lots of fish and shellfish.  the bartenders are great.  it's pretty well known that john the irish guy is the best bartender in the burgh', however i think he only works one day a week now.  bo is very good and my buddy jeff is also a good tender.   they have pool tables and darts, so plenty of bar games.  the only reason i don't give this place four stars is that they don't have all the top shelf liquor that my heart desires.  they have new management since my buddy rick went to bettis bar.  and, they are lacking in some liquor selections since.  they don't have patron or any top shelf rum.  i ordered a top shelf long island iced tea yesterday and was disappointed to taste cuervo instead of petrone.   however, overall the place is a good time and a must visit in pittsburgh.  get the lobster roll!
p84
aVwent to rolands for lunch of a sunday.  around 30 beers on draft, but mostly the usual beers; only a few micros.\u000a\u000athe actual menus themselves need updating; they're something you'd see in a crappy diner....photocopies stuffed into clear plastic film.  \u000a\u000awe both got salads; one tuna & one salmon.  huge pieces of fish that were of decent quality.  the upstairs has a cool balcony to hang out on in the summer.  it's a cool place in strip; i'd recommend stopping by and checking it out.
p85
aVomg what a nightmare. i was there last saturday at 9pm with a group of 10 people in the second floor bar area. the bartenders acted like it was a big inconvience that we were there. ordered drinks and didnt even get a thank you. the bar was dirty and littered with dirty glasses. the restrooms were filthy and didnt even have toliet paper . we left the bar and spent a huge anoun of money up the street.. i will never go back.
p86
aVyuck!\u000a\u000ait's almost embarrassing having this place exist in the strip with so many tourists coming here.  that has to be how they're making their money because it's certainly not on their food or service.  well, maybe it's the booze too...\u000a\u000ai don't even know where to begin.  service was horrible.  the lunch took 2 hours.  on a leisurely sunday that may be fine, but there was no leisure.  at least not with drinks not in hand until a 1/2 an hour after we sat down.  i'd say lunch was served another 1/2 to 45 minutes later.  \u000a\u000ait didn't matter though, i knew it wasn't going to be anything spectacular.  i'd heard rumors about the food.  i won't go into any details but i wouldn't trust some items on the menu.  i just played it safe and ordered a veggie salad.  \u000a\u000athe salad was in the entree section, so i assumed it would be a full size salad.  it was not.  it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top.  nothing spectacular.  and a side salad at almost $11.  not worth it.  \u000a\u000aif you are forced to stop in because you're dying of hunger, stick to a liquid diet:)
p87
aVthis place reeks of fish when you walk in and there are fruit flies everywhere.  good place to dine if you're on a diet since you will surely lose your appetite.\u000a\u000aif you find yourself at rolands, do yourself a favor and leave and dine anywhere else in the strip district.  seriously.
p88
aVoh shoot me! i thought the seafood pizza was really good as were the mussels. the service was decent to boot. the only thing i hated was dessert.
p89
aVthis restaurant has remained - longer than i expected, frankly.  but the food is ok, definitely not great and is fairly forgettable.  the wine list is also forgettable.  overall, this is a place that i go to if i have to for an event, but probably wouldn't think about otherwise.  it is well-located in the strip district though and near some bars, so if you want to be able to walk from place to place, this is a place to consider if italian is what you are in the mood for.  fairly pricey for what they offer.
p90
aVi really enjoyed my experience at lidia's.  my friend and i were seated promptly, and we shared an order of the crab fricos, which were quite good.  for my main course, i had a calamari dish with large beans.  i can't remember the name of it, and it's not on the menu online, so ... but all i can say is that my mouth started salivating as i was writing this, so you know it was good.\u000a\u000afor dessert, we shared the chocolate cake, which was incredibly rich.  i don't think we finished it, but it was good.\u000a\u000aall in all, a very pleasant experience.  would love to go again.
p91
aVwhat do you do any spending 1/2 a day tromping all over heinz history center? you go to lidia's for brunch, of course. \u000a\u000aservice here is very warm and friendly, unlike winter in pittsburgh. right away, you are treated to a huge basket of delicious muffins, biscuits sweetened with chocolate chips, sugared twists along with yummy fruit flavored butters. brunch also includes a nice mimosa or a bloody mary. \u000a\u000awe were not as impressed with the antipasti table. however, it was late in the day and perhaps that was part of the problem. the cesar salad while yummy, looked a bit unhappy. and the wedding soup seemed bland. the quiche was good as well as the butternut squash casserole. \u000a\u000abut things did looked up with our 2nd course choices. i had the manicotti ripieni di ricotta. i loved the light tomato sauce and the pasta rolls. big j had sarme caupcci-ripieni, which has cabbage stuffed with pork, veal and beef. \u000a\u000alast was the dolci dessert buffet table. having no room for dessert, we still shared a wonderful tiramisu. the table was very tempting with biscotti, tortes and other sweet treats.
p92
aVjeez...has it really been a month since i've been here as i look at the receipt.  well, i'll try to fill in the blanks.  this may be one of my new fav' brunch spots.  i'm not a fan of brunches as i detest most buffet style dining (has to do with my germophobia), sneeze guards...etc. howeve, this is the type of brunch i can deal with.  first let's start with the space.  it's a beautiful restaurant that's been here for a few years.  lidia of pbs fame has only three restaurants i believe (one in nyc, one in kc, and for some reason one in pgh).  as an aside i was told when i asked that one of the reasons lidia chose pittsburgh is because the ratings for her cooking show are better in this small metro than any other urban setting.  i dont' remembe all the details of the space except there were very high ceilings and ornate chandeliers (sp?).  we sat at the long bar and had a great professional bartender.  the bar offers a birds eye view into the open kitchen with many "back of the house" folks running about in organized confusion.  it's a bit busier today than usual isuspect because the matriarch herself "lidia" is here barking orders and checking plates.  i'm told she only visits a few times a year and is here for the tomatoe dinner...btw, lidia in person looks very much like her profile on tv,,, she seems warm, genuine and very...how should i say..."grandmotherlike".  she comes out of the kitchen signs afew autographs and then has a seat by herself sipping an espresso watching the show go past...okay, onto the food one of the main reason's i like this brunch is because the brunch entree's are cooked to order and offer some interesting options outside of your typical brunch fair.  it's relatively reasonable at $22 for everything including a "well" bloody mary.  the brunch starts with a delicious assortment of warm bread from the in house bakery served with three flavored butters.  i believe they are one with "crunchy" sugar, apricot and strawberry.  i like the crunchy one the best and quite frankly could have made a meal out of the bread and butter alone.  the buffet portion (if you will) has some fun options such as a great antipasta platter, all cheese and meats served at the perfect temperature with some house made pickles.  also, there is a nice frittata (think italian omelette) along with a couple assorted salads and fruit.  you then have your choice of about a dozen main courses...everything from there famous pasta tasting trio for those who really want to "carb up" to beef tenderloin and chicken.  annie orders this delicious duck pasta.  i don't think it's on the traditional brunch menu but it is soft pillows of al dente' pasta stuffed with a savory mix of duck and spices served in a small bowl with a dusting of cheese.  it was quite good.  i order the chicken livers, which are flavorful quick seared chicken livers, about medium rare served with polenta and fried onions.  i'm not a big polenta fan and the dish could have used some sauce, but overall it was a nice flavorful brunch.  you also get to peruse the dessert menu for the $22, but we skipped it.  we found the food quite good and the service outstanding.  now, granted the boss was there so it was everyones "a game"...i don't care even without the best efforts i'm guessing this will become a somewhat regular stop for us.
p93
aVi dont feel it is worth the money. the drinks are entirely overpriced and the food was just ok. nothing special
p94
aVi grew up watching lidia's tv show as a kid.  so of course when i found out she had a restaurant in pittsburgh i just had to try it out.\u000a\u000athe biggest selling point of lidia's is probably their service.  people say ti's a good "date spot" mainly b/c of the atmosphere and service.  their wait staff definitely has been trained to the attentive, but at times it can be overly done and i feel like i'm a part of a weeknight sitcom.\u000a\u000afor appetizers, get their grilled octopus.  i've heard good things about their chicken livers, but i've never tried it myself.  their fritto misto is prepared well, but not excessively special.\u000a\u000atheir pasta tasting trio is always a great way if it's your first time at lidia's; they always have two house-made pastas and one imported from italy.  from my experience, i've always enjoyed their housemade varieties, especially their pappardelle and gnocci (when available).  their ravioli's are typically pretty good too.  the imported pastas just don't seem to reach that perfect al dente "bite" fresh pastas can achieve.\u000a\u000atheir ossobuco is a giant braised lamb shank that is fork tender and flavorful in a dark rich sauce.  it seems to be a popular dish, as the last time i was at lidia's they were out of it.\u000a\u000aon an ending note: lidia's does take reservations (just visit their website or hop onto opentable and rack up those dining points), but i've never had an issue getting a seat without reservations.
p95
aVthis is one of my most favorite brunch places in pgh! my girlfriends and i would go here over other prix-fixe brunch places at shadyside because of the value you get. you have a whole antipasti table, full-sized entree and a dessert table plus coffee+bloodymary or mimosa. all under $25. and that is a lot of food! i took my boyfriend there, and this boy eats a lot! he was full and couldn't even get to dessert. (well yea he is a boy and may be not that into sweets, but still).\u000athe flavors of the food are really good and satisfying. i truly recommend the chicken dish on the brunch menu, the grilled octopus and the gnocchi (which not being a pasta fan, i savored). i hear the pasta is really good too! \u000aalso a great place to take company or out-of-towners too!
p96
aVlet's see....an italian restaurant in pittsburgh in the heart of the strip named after a woman with her own italian cooking show? should be great, right? not so much.\u000a\u000awent here recently and ordered the pasta trio, since this is apparently what one gets at lidias. perhaps i went on the wrong day, but i thought that the three pastas (bolognese sauce, pesto sauce, and gnocchi with sage butter) were underwhelming. at the very least, there are italian restaurants in pittsburgh that offer much better food for a similar price.\u000a\u000athe one positive to lidia's was the dessert - which was fantastic. i had a bite of a chocolate torte, and was very impressed. the coffee with grappa was also quite nice.\u000a\u000aall things told, though, i would spend my money elsewhere.
p97
aVi want the pasta trio in ma' belly now! it's hands down the best dish you can get there. three deeeeliscious pasta's served to you in a never ending skillet! what other wimpy pasta's can compete with that? the og (short for olive garden) doesn't hold a spaghetti noodle to this place! \u000a\u000ai swear you to you i haven't seen the same noodle twice here. they always seem to serve up a dish with some crazy looking pasta that they say the name of and i can never remember. but obviously the best thing about it is the sauce! oh, the sauce! meat sauce, sweet sauce, lemon, butter, the list goes on and on. i'll never forget the first time i fell in the love there. i fell in love with this out of this world pumpkin ravioli. i'll never forgot you pumpkin ravioli, never! (this was all said looking wistfully out the window like in a movie montage). \u000a\u000abut don't fear if you need something other than pasta (i don't know why, but let's roll with it). i attended a party there once and we had a a three course meal. first we had a delish caesar salad, which was on the lemony side, just the way i like it! then we had a choice between meats and a fish and i tried the fillet. it was...to. die. for! i was very pleasantly surprised that my non-pasta meal was so utterly satisfying. then came the light and fluffy tiramisu. now i was officially in heaven! we were also sent home with a goodie bag that included lidia's eggplant pasta sauce. i tried it a couple days later and it was great! it's a red sweet sauce with a tiny kick to it. i loved that it had eggplant in it because it was something different than your normal meatie balls and sauce combination. \u000a\u000aand lastly, the ambiance is very unique. there's huge windows in the front to gaze out at well, a parking lot. but they're tinted so you have a nice intimate vibe going on. there's also a huge glass chihuly chandelier hanging in the middle of the restaurant that's gorge! so please, convert over from the og, you will not be disappointed. and don't worry, they do give free bread sticks!
p98
aVi'll be honest, when i go out to eat, usually italian is the last option on my mind.  while i enjoy it at times, i rarely have cravings for it.  i've been to lidia's twice now because the people i'm with wanted to go.  but each time i've been thrilled with my dining experience.  the service has been great and the food has been excellent.  i typically don't like tomato based pasta sauces which at lidia's is no problem because they have such a wide selection of pasta and sauces.  \u000a\u000ai've had the pasta trio each time that i've gone and i've really enjoyed it.  i've also tried some of the other dishes from the people i'm with and they all have been great.  really enjoyed the wild boar ravioli - delish!\u000a\u000aif your in the strip and happen to stroll by lidia's you should check it out b/c you won't be disappointed.  i'll also add, that i'm not a big tiramisu fan, but lidia's is the only place that i not only eat tiramasu but i enjoy it and becomes by dessert of choice.
p99
aVmy coworker had been recommending lidia's to me for a while, and i'm glad i listened to her and brought my family here for dinner last week.  we had a wonderful italian meal, and one of the better dining experiences in pittsburgh so far.\u000a\u000awe had a reservation on saturday night around 6 pm, and used their valet service ($5?  $6?  i forget).  we were seated right away, and we all admired the gorgeous dining room space.  it seems to have been built in an old warehouse - the ceiling is massively high, and there's gorgeous mondrian-esque glass over the bar.  very stylish!  \u000a\u000ai should also say right off the bat that our server was outstanding.  friendly, funny, and knowledgeable, he was one of the best parts of the whole experience.  he helped us choose a wine which we all enjoyed, and he poured it skillfully.  he was also helpful to us at various points throughout the meal - for example, four of us began with the insalata di rucola (split two salads between four people, and they came on separate plates).  the salad sounded amazing, with arugula, pear, walnuts, and gorgonzola (get in mah belleh) but we all noticed that there was quite a lack of...well, pear.  we all had maybe one measly little wedge, and it definitely kept the salad from being as yummy as it should have been.  so we told our server about it, and he immediately brought out a plate full of pear slices.  redeemed!  and the salad became delicious.\u000a\u000amy entree was the ravioli di cinghale (ravioli filled with wild boar, in a rosemary sauce) and it was pretty delicious.  three big raviolis, filled with succulent meat (think pulled pork, but italian and well-spiced).  the sauce was very very light, but still flavorful.  my dad got the pasta trio, and it was hilariously awesome to watch three different guys come by with big bowls, delivering their delicious wares to his plate.  he had a lot of fun with that.  my mom loved her sea bass as well.  \u000a\u000adad's pasta trio came with a dessert, so he got the crostata di pere, a sugary pear maple dessert which i think was good, but i don't have really strong memories of it so clearly it didn't bowl me over.\u000a\u000aall in all, it was a very good meal with some truly excellent service.  we felt cared for and comfortable, and our bellies were full.  what more could we ask for?
p100
aVwent here for brunch yesterday. \u000a\u000awhat we sampled: \u000amimosa (i don't like mimosas, but this was delicious with fresh squeezed orange juice)\u000abread basket (sea salt foccacia (delicious) cranberry and almond scones (delicious, but very crumbly which the fiance found out the hard way) strawberry butter, sugar butter, and honey butter)\u000aantipasta table (overall good selection, but a little bland, the only memorable thing on the table for us was the cesar salad, which was delicious, but a tad overdressed) \u000aentree (we both ordered the pasta trio.  the three choices were penne with onions, sausage, and tomato ragu (the least favorite), homemae fettucine aglio e olio with tomatoes and butternut squash (delicious and very fresh tasting for the fall), and homemade mushroom ravioli in a thyme butter sauce (the best selection by far and completely delicious)\u000adessert table (good selections with standouts being the tiramisu and the chocolate torte)\u000a\u000aoverall this was a great brunch experience for the price as well as the selections.  we would definitely return.
p101
aVi've never understood the hype of this place.  the food is simply ok, nothing special at all, except that it's a bit pricey.  on a recent visit for brunch, i visited the antipasto bar.  the spinach frittata, was beyond bland.  the coleslaw with apple was surprisingly good.  the rest of the antipastos were forgettable.  \u000a\u000ai also ordered the spring ramp ravioli with crab meat in a thyme butter sauce.  sounds delicious right?  well... sadly i thought the pasta quality was poor, and again lacking in the flavor department.  \u000a\u000ai will say our bartender was fantastic though.  he always had a smile on his face and was attentive to all of our needs.  that's the only reason i'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2.
p102
aV3.5 stars for brunch. we had reservations at 11:30am on sunday for 5 but lidia's was not overly crowded. wide open space with tall ceilings. servers were friendly and did not push us out after we paid our bill, which was nice.\u000a\u000abring your appetite!! highlights:\u000athe oj in the mimosa was fresh\u000athe rosemary and sea salt bread with sugar butter\u000alemon scone with sugar butter, and apricot and strawberry  butter\u000afried cauliflower from the antipasto table\u000amy main entree - grilled octopus w/ potatoes, onions, string beans, olives, pickled onions - salty which i loved and the octopus was tender and cooked well\u000athe pistachio and ginger mini cookies were my favorite\u000acoffee brewed well\u000a\u000athe other items were just okay so while there were some standouts lidia's brunch was more quantity verse quality given the wide spread available.\u000a\u000ayou will not leave hungry and if you do you did lidia's wrong!\u000a\u000aalso they will break out checks separately.
p103
aVi think this place is good but over-hyped and over-priced for what it is.  i had the pasta trio and i got the combo which came with a ceasar salad and a dessert.  the pasta trio by itself is $18 but with the salad and dessert is $32 (an extra $14, so not such a great deal!).  $18 for pasta with no meat or seafood in it is already way overpriced and ought to come with a soup or salad anyway.\u000a\u000aso i was expecting this to be an amazing ceasar salad but it was the worst i've ever had at a nice restaurant.  instead of romaine lettuce, most of the lettuce was iceberg!  and the dressing was too vinegary and did not taste very good.  and i had hoped being an italian place they would offer anchovies on it, but that was not the case.  \u000a\u000athe pasta trio was tasty and included a goat cheese ravioli with cream sauce, a fettucine with sundried tomatoes, and a penne with a pork ragu sauce.  all were good but i felt like they had been sitting out for awhile and didn't taste freshly cooked, and the texture of one of the pastas was slightly chewy.  it was fun to see them all come over with their bowls though and the guy with the parmesan was also right there ready to grate some fresh cheese for you.  \u000a\u000afor the bread, instead of butter they had these interesting things made out of a couple different sorts of bean which tasted rather like a hummus so that was interesting though would have been nice if the bread was warm. \u000a\u000ai had the tiramisu for dessert which was good but nothing amazing.  \u000a\u000athe atmosphere was really nice with some interesting artwork and chandeliers and the service was prompt and polite.  however the food was kind of disappointing.\u000a\u000ahonestly i think i like olive garden better and they have much better prices.
p104
aVour boss treated some co-workers and myself to lunch here last week (one of my colleagues was leaving) and had a terrific time. the decor is amazing and so is the food. i had the porchetta panino (pulled pork shoulder with horseradish apple salsa) which came with these parsely-seasoned home fries. all of it was amazing. like darren (i was so jealous he got to go there back in february and i didn't), i had the torta di cioccolatta, and it was godly. the service was on-target too. i love this place and that it's so close to where i now work. seriously gourmet.
p105
aVwe can here for brunch on sunday, 5 adults and four month old. i used to be the girl who wouldn't go inside a restaurant if i saw a kid within two blocks of the place but now things have changed. before i get to my review of the brunch itself i'd like to say how impressed i was with their accommodations for babies! the changing station in the bathroom had wipes, a small sitting area and it was almost private. fabulous. but the best part was they gave us a cradle-type thing in which our baby slept like the angel he is most certainly not. if he wasn't sleeping in it, he was just laying there playing and we could have brunch with our adult friends without having to entertain or keep an eye on our little love. thanks lidia's - you won me over with those two things alone.\u000a\u000athe brunch itself was fantastic. the bread with three sweet, butter spreads was my favorite. my mimosa was actually a mimosa and not just orange juice with a splash of champagne. the buffet was 90%vegetarian and never looked empty because the staff was always bringing out new dishes. for my entree i had the manicotti but also tasted the pasta trio from my friend. yumm! and the dessert spread? yeah i was in heaven. \u000a\u000aoverall, we had an amazing time and will def be back.
p106
aVthis is the place to go for brunch and they have both saturday and sunday brunch-hard to find in pittsburgh. for a flat rate of $28 you get an alcoholic drink, appetizer buffet, entrée and dessert buffet. i recommend the sangria although if you like blood mary's they look tasty and the option of a mimosa is always there.  the buffet consists of a variety of salads and other delicious italian dishes.  this past time they had roasted squash and cauliflower, an antipasto tray, quiche and a few other dishes i just didn't have room to try. it is always fresh and the servers are quick to replenish.  next up you get to pick an entree which also includes the pasta trio tasting. i recommend this as you get to sample 3 different types of pasta dishes and then have unlimited refills of your favorite one.  servers bring out the pasta in the hot pans right to your table. save room for dessert which is another buffet with their fabulous tiramisu and a variety of other italian treats including some types of italian cookies.  i don't really like tiramisu but at lydia's it is fabulous! our server was fantastic-every time we left the table which was a lot (to get more food of course) she folded our napkin!  she overheard it was my birthday and made sure to bring out a dessert with a birthday candle.  the atmosphere is so comfortable and with lots of room.  great for special occasions and family friendly.
p107
aVhole in the wall - check.  stern (at times) owner who rules his roost - check.\u000a\u000ai don't really trust a vitnamese restaurant to be really really good unless it is a hole in the wall kind of place.   :)  and this place is good.  now, my one beef with this restaurant is the limited menu.  but really, they do everything on the menu so well that you can't really complain.  and the prices are extremely reasonable.  make sure you get the fresh rolls.  i usually get the vermicelli with a little bit of everything on top.  and unless you are ridiculously hungry, get the smaller bowl - it is still a lot of food.\u000a\u000abyob, so feel free to bring your own alcohol of choice.  i can't remember what the corkage fee is, probably because there is none, i believe.  and bring cash.
p108
aVwhy do so many people in pittsburgh love this place? the other day someone asked me... where's your favourite vietnamese food? i told them that i didn't know which was my favourite, but i could tell you which was my least favourite: tram's. \u000a\u000ai don't even care about the decor or seating etc. usually the best vietnamese comes from fairly sketchy looking joints. \u000a\u000ai had their "special" noodle bowl which is their version of bun thit nuong. it looked a mess. the spring rolls were cut up brutally and then everything was tossed in. usually when you order this at other place, it doesn't come "pre-mixed." honestly, it looked like someone had already starting eating this. i thought to myself... "okay they have a different presentation style." \u000a\u000abut as i ate, i was even more disappointed. they hardly put any fresh vegetables in it, and the vermicelli is overcooked. the spring rolls were completely soggy. \u000a\u000ai don't think their menu is limited though, it seemed fairly typical. i don't know, maybe their pho is better, but i'm already too disappointed to come back.\u000a\u000aafter reading other people's reviews and trying other vietnamese places around the city and then having vietnamese food in toronto(at an average place), i'm throughly convinced that people in this city have no idea what vietnamese food is supposed to taste like.\u000a\u000aoh and one last thing... do you actually believe that their food is vegetarian? i guess the joke's on you.
p109
aVpeter b. got it right. order the pho, order the spring rolls, and i'll add order the summer rolls. these are all good. other things are not worth trying. i love pho, and i have it all over the country. tram's is not one of the best. however, when you're in pittsburgh, and you have limited selections, it is the best. for that phofix in da burgh, you gotta go to tram's. \u000a\u000asometimes i think the yelp rating needs to be aware of the circumstances. it's not dumbing down, it's just knowing your surroundings. tram's - you get 4 stars from me. thanks for quenching my pho thirst.
p110
aVi am also somewhat conflicted about tram's.  i have been a few times now, and it seems to be somewhat hit or miss.  i've had the pho a few times, and while always fairly good my satisfaction largely hinges on the amount and freshness of basil and mint that is brought out.  the other dishes are usually well made and well seasoned.  \u000a\u000ai enjoy the short menu and the waiter who is fun to interact with.  this place is usually pretty busy even on a weekday evening.  surprising given the location.  definitely better than pho minh up the street, but i still think spice island has the best vietnamese dishes in town.
p111
aVbest pho i've had in ten years.  i want to try something else at tram's, but i can't help but order pho every time i'm in there.  i agree with other reviewers: they could definitely add slightly more "fixin's" for the pho (can you tell i'm southern?), and the fixin's could be a little fresher, but the pho itself is excellent.  the spring rolls are excellent, too.  i just wish they served 33 beer to go with it all.  \u000a\u000aservice is good, if a bit gruff.  don't screw around chit-chatting at the table when you come in; you need to be ready to order when the waiter (tram?) gets to you.  failure to do so will expose you to his withering scorn.  (seriously, he'll hang out, staring at you, until you make up your mind.)  \u000a\u000aprice is right, too.  with spring rolls and an entree, you'll get out of here for under $10/person.
p112
aVfor many people in pittsburgh, tram's is the only place to be to get pho.  for me though, whenever i go, i always leave disappointed wanting more.  their saving grace?  their spring rolls are easily some of the best of the vietnamese variety in the area.\u000a\u000ai find their pho to have small portions and to be of inconsistent quality.  if the i find the broth is good, they might ruin it by dumping a good 6 shakes of black pepper all over everything before they serve it (wtf?).  other times, they might serve beef cooked well done as opposed to the rare which i prefer.  or maybe they will give me my beef rare, except the broth will be so lukewarm that zero residual heat passes on to the beef.\u000a\u000atheir spring rolls though are good.  fresh and wrapped tightly, they help make the long wait time it takes for pho to be brought out more manageable.
p113
aVi have been feeling very sluggish and found out that i am lacking in dietary fiber. it's hard to make good food from scratch during the week bc of my busy schedule. a great friend of mine suggested loading up on pho a few times a week. i decided to try the vegetarian tofu pho and veggie spring roles. everything was so crisp and fresh, bean sprouts, lime, and a sweet spicey sauce. the broth was extremely flavorful and since i work down the street i have found a new place to get something healthy and delicious! \u000a\u000atake cash, no credit cards.
p114
aVi am tempted to talk down on the cleanliness of this restaurant. it is truly a greasy spoon joint, but i kind of like that about tram's kitchen. \u000athe tables are covered with those lamented cloth table cloths that can be wiped down. \u000aour server had dirty nails too. \u000a\u000a i just happened upon this restaurant completely by accident. i was walking down the street after visiting my nephew at children's hospital.  the food was so good. i had the spicy prawn dish the only thing i would change would be to order two servicing. the "prawns" in the dish obviously weren't prawns but fairly large sized shrimps. the sauce was the best it had a really good spicy chilli flavor. i also had the lemon grass tofu.  for a fan of tofu i think it would have been enjoyable the tofu was tender and well seasoned. i am trying to find an opportunity to get back to eat at tram's kitchen. they are very reasonable priced here lunch for two was under $30.00 which is a bonus for a college student budget.
p115
aVdarren and i came here last weekend, and i liked it very much. the "saigon soup" was sssoooooo goood! i couldn't finish it! the portion was so generous. i also liked their egg rolls and the sauce that came with them. the owner was nice to us but doesn't play around! you have to order fast because the place is always full! i appreciated how he found a table and some chairs to seat us even though they were superbusy. i love asian food, and now i have another place to enjoy.\u000a\u000ai didn't mind the decor, and the place isn't "dirty" either. what do people expect? the le mont?
p116
aVi've been there a couple of times and found their pho to be really good and the best i've been able to find in pittsburgh so far.  their pho menu is kind of limited though in it's options.  it would have been nice to see some more variety in the ingredients.  i also had the spring rolls as an appetizer which were good.  servers were very friendly and it seems to be a family run place. food comes up very quickly.
p117
aVi came here once and ordered pho, and i was very disappointed. bland broth, tough meat, i didn't get the tram's hype. not that i've ever tried mind-blowing pho (i've only eaten it in pennsylvania, which is probably the problem) but this was even worse than most.\u000a\u000ahowever, i've since been back and ordered the bun. now i was impressed! specifically with the version doused in coconut milk--i love coconut anything, and on top of vermicelli noodles with a squirt of hoisin and sriracha, it was heaven. only thing is, i don't like the selection of vegetables they use. onions and broccoli just aren't my jam, and my favorite veggie to have with my bun, cucumber, was sadly mia from tram's version.\u000a\u000ai do consider myself to be a little bit of a fresh spring roll connoisseur (ooookay, maybe not, but i eat them a lot), and tram's are good, but not my favorite in the city. i know, a lot of people are all about tram's rolls, but i like mine with lots of thai basil, and you can barely taste it in theirs. they're still super fresh with a good amount of meat, so this is just a matter of preferences, not quality.\u000a\u000aregardless of the meh pho, i can't stress enough that it's totally worth it to come here for the coconut milk bun! delicious!!
p118
aVfor starters i had a fresh spring roll and a fried egg roll. the fresh spring roll is big and stuffed with shrimp, shredded pork, lettuce, basil, and rice. it was probably a sixth of the size of a chipotle burrito. the fried egg roll is a little smaller, yet it is still packed. i enjoyed the fried egg roll way more, but i wouldn't discourage someone from trying tram's fresh spring roll.\u000a\u000afor dinner, i had the vermicelli noodles with coconut milk and beef. it was sweet and savory, but it missed a kick of spiciness to counter the coconut milk. i asked the staff for crushed red chili pepper flakes, but there was a significant language barrier which impeded me from conveying my request. eventually, i said pepper enough, and i was brought jalapeño peppers. not quite what i was looking for but they were an acceptable alternative.\u000a\u000athe only subpar point of the night was the difficulty with service. the cash only policy could have been trouble; luckily, i read some reviews beforehand which prepared me. also note that tram's lets you byob.
p119
aVi stopped by here this past wednesday evening for dinner with my fiance.   we have both been to tram's before but it has been awhile since our last visit.  whenever we walked into the restaurant we saw that not much has changed except for maybe the addition of a flat screen tv.  the restaurant itself is small and maybe has seating at tables for about 30 people and the decorations are a little sparse.  the easiest thing to see is that they have won a ton of awards which are hanging up on the back wall.  beyond that it is still a hole in the wall divey type of place that is cash-only with excellent food.  \u000a \u000aalmost immediately after we sat down the owner asked us if we were ready to order.  at that point we were not ready.  the menu here isn't that big but it doesn't need to be since what they do make is very good.  about two minutes later the owner was back and ready to take our order.  this time we were ready.  my fiance and i decided to split some eggrolls and then for my entree i went with the beef vermicelli with conconut milk.\u000athe eggrolls came out at the same time as the meals and were so hot temperature wise that both my fiance and myself left them until after we had eaten our entrees.  my vermicelli ended up being really good with the sauce providing the perfect flavor to the dish.  i don't know how they do it but they do a great job of infusing a ton of flavors into it.  the noodles in it were also good and the beef was better than expected.  after i had finished my vermicelli i ended up grabbing my eggrolll which was still somehow hot.  while the flavor on it wasn't that great, what i really loved about it was the textures that it provided.  it was cooked perfectly and so the shell had a great crispy exterior while the interior with the vegetables had a softer texture.  overall it was another solid meal at tram's for me.\u000a \u000athe bottom line for me is that i will definitely be back here again in the future.   whats not to like about a place where the food is not only cheap but also delicious?  just be careful in that it is cash only and i know at one point they were byob although i am not sure if that is still the case.
p120
aVi came here awhile ago and ordered one of the rice-based dishes with chicken (can't remember exactly what it was, and there's no menu posted online for me to figure it out).  the dish was dry and lacked flavor.  perhaps i ordered the wrong dish here, since the pho seems to be what they're known for.  as it were, i wasn't impressed. i don't remember anything being off about the service, so it must have been fine.  if a dining partner specifically wanted to try vietnamese, i'd come back and try the pho, but otherwise, i wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, given that there are many better dining options on butler st.
p121
aVthe locals know:  if you want vietnamese food, eat at trams\u000a\u000athe locals also know:  sometimes the service is bizarre, like ridiculously bizarre, like the time my friend and i were seated at a huge table, and we were eating our entrees and a larger party came in and they made us move and were not nice about it, when they were the ones who sat us there.\u000a\u000abut the food is so good.  its like i want to be mad, but their vegetable spring rolls and again, food is so good.\u000a\u000athis place is a hole in the wall, i would not recommend this as a first date unless your potential date was the one who suggested going to trams.  cash only.
p122
aVi really wanted to  give this a great review, because i have very fond memories of this place when i was a kid with my mom and also when i was in my early 20's hitting this place after 3 am.  alas,  i went there this morning and found out it really is just your typical greek diner with a giant menu.  i give it kudos for the jukebox on the tables (sopranos finale style) and i thought our server was great.  she easily had been doing this for 40+ years.  the atmosphere is good just like any other diner you would go too.  i was here this morning with my friend fiona and we both needed a hearty breakfast to help with our recovery from the prior night.  the coffee was good and plentiful.  we never had less than half a cup.  i had two poached eggs and white toast.  the eggs were poached perfectly and the bread was appropriately soaked with butter.  all in all this was pretty good.  my bacon was also fine with three healthy strips.  however, fiona was less lucky.  she had a veggie omelette which was average at best, size doesn't matter with respect to omelettes i'd rather less eggs, but super beaten so the omelette is light.  the veggies were plentiful, but i'd prefer the veggies lightly sauteed, so texturely there isn't such a difference from the eggs to the vegetables.  the sausage was good, but cold.  she asked for crispy bacon and it wasn't crispy at all, in fact it was exactly the same doneness as mine.  the homefries were okay, but i prefer a little more crust on the potatoes.  i'd say this is a perfectly acceptable diner, but i'd recommend you'll enjoy your meal much better if it's at 2 am in the morning as opposed to 10 am on a saturday when most of your whits are about you and your palate is not dulled from the tequila.
p123
aVi've only been here after 2 am, and it's always been a flaming trainwreck of an experience.\u000a\u000ai've had to figure out if the waitresses were doing this as a halfway house job, i've had staff members not apologize while picking pieces of steel wool and green plastic scrubber out of my food, and i've witnessed an armed robbery.  the food is decent, for the hours they're open.  \u000a\u000atry tom's diner or eat 'n park instead.  heck, go to a grocery store instead.
p124
aVthe food isn't something to rave about but it's edible. i love the fact that they offer fried green tomatoes and grape leaves. i have only been to (c)ritters for late night munchies and that also happens to be when pittsburgh's finest come out to play. never a dull moment.
p125
aVworst food in pittsburgh. that's all. i have been there twice, never my choice, i had tummy ache both times. i think the food is boring. don't get me wrong, i have no problem with non-gourmet food, but ritter's, is just "blah". it also was an unclean feel at times when you are seated and you look around. \u000athey are cash only also. that doesn't both me at pamelas, because the food is oh so delish. here, you are just wasting you apetite on food that has tons of rooms for improvement.
p126
aVordered the 2 eggs and potatoes which was only $3.85...deal!  i asked for the eggs to be scrambled and it came with home fries and toast.  i know my meal wasn't that exciting and can you really mess up eggs, toast or potatoes?!?!\u000a\u000athe eggs and toast were fine - something i could've made at home.  but the home fries left something to be desired.  they had no flavor - it's like someone boiled some potatoes and slapped them in a pan and served them on a plate.  i put some salt and pepper on them, but it didn't really help - it's like the potatoes were determined to be tasteless.  i ate a few forkfuls and just gave up.  \u000a\u000ai came here for a meeting in the morning and it wasn't crowded.  looked like there were some regulars but fairly low key.  i could definitely see how peeps who come here after a night of being out.  \u000a\u000ai'm not sure that i'd make it a point to go to ritters unless it was a night out and i needed a place open 24 hours.  they are cash only!
p127
aVthe food at ritter's tastes like i made it at home, and this is not an endorsement.  i had the feta and tomato omelet, and it tasted skunked, like it had just been cooked in a dirty skillet.\u000a\u000ait's a dirty diner with meh food, but it is open 24 hours.  if you're drunk, i bet the foood is great.
p128
aVi'm a huge fan of diners and all their fat-filled-breakfast-food glory. however ritters has left me doubting my borderline obsession. i got the buckwheat pancakes (apparently their specialty) - while they were fluffy and gargantuan the pancakes themselves were nothing to be desired. \u000a\u000athis place is convenient, cheap, and open 24/7 so if you're in an altered state of mind stumbling around oakland at 3 in the morning ritters may be the place for you! otherwise just go to bed. \u000a\u000abut the service there was nice enough - remember to tip well!
p129
aVthey don't take credit cards (cash only), but damn do they have some good food! the server we had was funny as hell. it's just a good old fashioned diner that's open 24/7/365, and you can have whatever's on their menu 24/7/365! lol.\u000a\u000aearly one recent morning (still getting caught up on reviews!), i had their fried chicken, and it was excellent. moist and flaky. i loved the strawberry shortcake too. the portions are huge! we didnt find the place to be dirty when we came. they have their own free parking lot and have an atm inside.
p130
aVummm..... so i will just be upfront and say that the few times i have been here i was at least a few drinks in, but this is an excellent place for cheap diner food and is fortunately open late into the night. i'm from the south, so it is very reminescent of waffle house- which is awesome. the waitresses are nice and understanding of the state that some people come in at 3 in the morning, and it will always be a place i look to when i need greasy breakfast-type food. the hashbrowns are particularly amazing. from what i remember, it was cash-only, so if you go out make sure to have the moneys on you!
p131
aVwhat can i say? excellent burgers, good prices. though never, under any circumstances order the chef's salad. however, the steak salad is great. \u000a\u000ayou will most likely have to wait to get a table. and sometimes they will decide to close randomly. we called ahead and they said they seat the last table at 11:00. we got there with 10 minutes to spare and they refused us saying they had shut down the grill. that was kind of annoying considering we did phone ahead and they don't really take reservations.
p132
aVit's hard to say anything that hasn't already been said about this place.  but, i feel the need to re-iterate just how great these burgers are.  after a very long night i woke up in my hotel room feeling the effects of the previous night.  had a friend in from delaware and he actually suggested we go after seeing it featured on the food network.  we were there before they opened and actually waited for them to unlock the doors.  i had a gourmet burger cooked perfectly.  the meat had a ton of flavor and it was grilled perfectly.  the  hash browns were a nice change than fries and the coleslaw actually tasted great and wasn't just a "throw away" side.  my friend chose a burger with no cheese or condiments just to savor the burger in it's pure form.  true to the hype my friend declared what i'm sure has been spoken many times that this is the "best burger he's ever had".
p133
aVtessaro's is definitely the best burger you'll find in pittsburgh. their sides are also delicious. if you have vegetarian friends that protest, they have vegetable kabobs that are actually really good as well. if you love burgers and you're in pittsburgh, you'll have to try it out. if you've been but haven't gone back in a while, what are you waiting for?\u000a\u000aduring peak meal hours, the wait can be about 15-30 minutes. the staff is friendly and helpful - they know that they serve a mean burger, and they are happy to be part of it all. \u000a\u000aone warning, be prepared to be stuffed.
p134
aVif you have a vegetarian friend who only eats meat once a year, the burger here is worth a shot.  easily the best hamburger in the city, as other restaurants claim "second best burger in town" in deference.
p135
aVi think i was a victim of over-hyped burgers.\u000athere was nothing bad about "the burger," and it was good, but there wasn't nothing particularly mind-blowing, either.  \u000athe quality of the meat was very good, and my burger was cooked fine; however, i appreciate a well-seasoned burger with a lot of flavor more than just good meat.  i actually had to put a tiny dash of salt on the burger to help it out.  \u000a\u000athe side salad i got instead of homefries was small but good, with excellent dressing.  my date ordered a grilled chicken sandwich that was good, but, again, no seasoning.  \u000a\u000ai recommend you try tessaro's at least once, but don't go in with lofty expectations.
p136
aVi also left here scratching my head after all of the lofty reviews of the place.  yes, maybe it is a local institution, but it is not worthy of one of the highest yelp ratings for a restaurant in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000athe burger was mildly admirable.  i'll trust their word that they use high quality ground beef, but it's still ground "beef", not ground sirloin or anything.  it was also huge, cumbersome, greasy, expensive and flavorless.  the amount of blue cheese they gave me for 50c was almost a joke, as well.  wish i would have gotten the steamed broccoli, my "potato salad" was a sea of mayonnaise.\u000a\u000aeven given my limited experience of the burger options in pittsburgh, i would put double-wide grill's burger above these.\u000a\u000anot much for atmosphere.  don't get me wrong, i don't mind dirty, dark and dingy if it has character.
p137
aVtessaro's was both a passing point and my final destination on my hamburger road trip across america.  i've had famous burgers such as the ones at mr. bartley's up in ma or the french bread burgers down at rotier's in nashville as well as regional burgers like the green chili cheeseburgers of the southwest.\u000a\u000aafter it all, i still see tessaro's as one of the best burgers i've had ever (my other top burger joints are scattered throughout the midwest where the beef is as fresh as fresh gets).  i started out with medium rare burgers when i first started going there, but eventually i toned down the knob to rare.  my cheese choice is always a slice of american.\u000a\u000ai typically like my burgers griddled with only burger bun and cheese, but since tessaro's serves up "pub burgers", i find it okay to eat with rabbit food (lettuce, tomato, onion).  ketchup on a burger is blasphemy.  there is never a reason to add ketchup on a burger unless the burger is of poor quality.  ketchup on a good burger is like heading to a prime steakhouse and asking for a1.  save it for when you overcook your burgers at home or when you're at mcdonald's.  mustard is okay in reasonable quantities since its texture and taste complements the burger as opposed to covering it up.\u000a\u000amy first thought was wow. these buns are huge. the top bun was awkwardly round and i had squish it a little to get a first bite that consisted of both burger and bun. it worked out in the end, as the buns were able to sop up all the excess beef juice without getting excessively soggy and difficult to hold. the patty itself was perfectly cooked. a full half pound of loosely packed coarse ground beef. i'm not sure what blend they use (definitely more than just chuck), but i want to guess around 75-80% lean, which is perfect in my book. the beef itself had an amazing texture and wasn't heavily seasoned. the beef itself tasted remarkably fresh and just the right amount of "beefy". i usually order cheeseburgers over hamburgers as the slice of cheese makes the burger more forgiving to being overcooked and dry; however, at tessaro's, this was not the case. the slice of american cheese was perfectly melted and added the textural difference between the soft buns, the crisp lettuce, and the beefy patty. the lettuce and onions added additional contrast with their crunchy attributes, and the acidity from the two tomato slices balanced out the cheese. the soggy pickles were overshadowed by the red onion slices which offered not only a crunch but also a spicy kick, and i did not notice them at all.\u000a\u000amy side choice is always home fries.  they come slightly charred and taste of delicious butter.  i had half my portion "naked" and paired the half with the traditional heinz ketchup. honestly they didn't need the extra boost of flavor from the ketchup as they were amazing beforehand already. with the addition of the heinz, the subtle tones of the char and butter were covered up, which was a pity.\u000a\u000awhen you go to a steakhouse you order a steak.  when you go to a coffeehouse you order a coffee.  when you go to tessaro's you order a burger.
p138
aVhuge burger and good service, but the burger's more than a little bland.  it's cooked over a wood-heated griddle, which sounds cute, but the griddle means that it doesn't pick up much, if any, flavor from the wood fire.  (might as well be cooked over gas or an electric griddle.)  throw in some chuck or pork fat or spices or garlic or something with some flavor and it would be much better, too.  that they butcher it in the back and the nice service takes them up from 3 to 4 stars.
p139
aVlet me start out by saying, i share food when it's good but i don't share food when it's reaaaaaaly good! so i was there with a friend enjoying their fantastic potato salad and she had scarfed hers down in like 5 seconds and her fork was headed towards mine. i stabbed my fork in the same potato she had settled on and yelled no! and just think, this is just the potato salad from here! \u000a\u000athe burgers are the juiciest biggest most incredible burgers ever! i stick with the cheeseburger because i want to enjoy the burger without any fancy smancy stuff on it. i literally had the first bite of the burger and the juice squirted out the other side. ok, i know that sounds dirty...but it was so good!! i haven't strayed much from the burgers, but i did have the tuna melt once and it was good, but nothing compares to the burgers. i mean, that's what you go there for! plus, my friend saw russell crowe there while he was filming a movie in the burgh, so you have to know it's good if his peeps recommended he go there!
p140
aVafter striking out at pleasure bar for my meatball fix i decided to go burger! from the reviews i have read from my fellow yelpers i have been excited to try "the best burgers in the burgh" \u000a\u000aalas my anticipation for stop number 2 was snubbed out because they were closed too. i called and was informed that the hours of operation are monday-saturday 11am-11pm. three other patrons were also going burger and sadly i had to break the news to them too. oh dang! maybe a dog would do the trick? after seeing the oscar meyer weiner mobile and a quick photo opp frankie's extra long was next on my list.
p141
aVtessaro's serves a mean burger, and i think that is the only thing you should order when you go there though i have seen people eat other things. totally a laid back atmosphere where you can relax and bring kids. the tables are covered in a denim cloth, enough said. my favorite is the bacon bleu burger (dry bleu cheese) with potato salad. burger is cooked to perfection and so juicy that i have to cut the burger in half to tackle and not make such a mess. you will find yourself eating every bite. \u000a\u000aif you come during peak dinner hours you will most likely be waiting, and i would make sure not to come on a sunday since they are not opened (whoops).
p142
aVreally good burgers.  old school.  the unique thing about the burgers is the wood smoked taste.  i ordered the home fries as a side and they were excellent.  my son ordered the potato salad, and that was also very good.
p143
aVi ate here last week with a dining companion as i have many times before.  the decor of the restaurant was what i would consider homely with brick walls and a fireplace upstairs.\u000a\u000afor dinner both myself and my dining companion decided on the  bacon-bleu burger.  i ordered my burger medium and it came to me at medium rare but still tasted pretty good.  it was also nice to have the option of wet or dry blue cheese.  for sides i had the cole slaw and my dining companion had the home fires. neither was terribly inspiring although not too bad either.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me that this is a decent place for a burger although it is far from the best burger in pittsburgh as many claim.  i am sure that i will be back in the future as their wait staff is always good and the food worth the price.
p144
aVcame here to try their famed burgers.  i ordered the gourmet burger, and not bad.  however, it was absolutely nothing special. i felt like i could easily make it on the grill at home.  also, the home fries were just mediocre.  \u000a\u000ai don't understand all the rave reviews for this place.  as for me, i don't think i'll be back.
p145
aVunlike my boyfriend darren w, i'm not much of a burger fanatic, so when we came here last night, i tried their bbq chicken, and thought it was very good. very moist and sweet. also, as a side, i had the broccoli which was perfectly steamed. the service was awesome, and the place has an old-time charm to it. it worked for me. they have no desserts, but i guess that's what oh! yogurt's for. :)
p146
aVreviewed as one of the best burgers in pitt and a popular spot among many cmu students, if you have a car of course. parking is horrendous around here, so it might be better to take the bus anyways and do a bit of walking.\u000a\u000aafter hearing so much about it, my friends and i came here to celebrate a birthday. did it meet all the hype? not so sure. the burgers good, but it wasn't anything spectacular as i thought it would be. honestly, i like burgatory a lot better. i ordered the bacon bleu cheeseburger with dry bleu cheese. probably mistake on my part. i thought the dry bleu cheese would be more crumbly and less creamy, but the heat of the burger melted it and it became creamy anyways (i dislike creamy things in general). didn't enjoy the burger half as much because of that, but again mistake on my part. the home fries that came with it could have used some more seasoning, but with lots of ketchup it was tasty enough.\u000a\u000athe service was up to par. i came with a huge party and they seated us and took our orders with no problem. they even stuck a candle into my friend's burger for her birthday. overall, i'd give this place a 3.5 stars.
p147
aVthis is not the best burger you will eat in pittsburgh.  people only like these burgers bc they are huge.  they serve you an entire ground up cow on a mini van sized bun.\u000a\u000athe best burgers are at tavern 247.  its a secret but its truth.\u000a\u000ahowever, i love all of their entrees, and i love the cozy atmosphere of this restaurant.  this place gets very crowded, but its worth the wait.  the food is really good.  its not great but its really good.  def worth checking out.
p148
aVi must write a review for this restaurant!  :)\u000a\u000ai have lived in pittsburgh for almost 8 years now and luckily found this thai restaurant early in my move.  let me start with a little story.  my sister lived in northern california and was visiting.  we were talking about places to eat and i of course mentioned and suggested thai cuisine, knowing how good their food is.  my sister was skeptical, to say the least, mentioning in the same breath that she lives in the san francisco area, could a place in pittsburgh actually be that good if not better than restaurants in ca?  i decided to let the food speak for itself  --- and it did!  my sister ordered the red curry (duck with pineapple), her fave dish, and she loved it.  in fact, she admitted after that this restaurant was indeed the best she had had - and that it was too bad that it was in pittsburgh.  \u000a\u000ame personally?  i love the green curry with mock duck (wheat gluten) - and i am not vegan or vegetarian.  i would like to mention that this restaurant has a nice selection of vegetarian and vegan options.  the crispy spring rolls are yummy, especially with the sauce.  the soups are all pretty great.  \u000a\u000ayou should try this restaurant, it will definitely be worth your time.  and if you like your food spicy, like i do, make sure you tell them you want it thai spicey at 10 out of 10!  :)
p149
aVthai cuisine is one of the best thai places i've been to in the states - finding it in pittsburgh was a real surprise.  the food here is outstanding, and the service is comparable to what i'd expect in a $50/person restaurant, and this place is definitely not $30/plate.  with appetizers, thai iced tea, and two entrees, my girlfriend and i paid about $30.\u000a\u000ai highly recommend the cold chicken and sprout salad.  wish i could remember the name of it, because it's heavenly.  (...which probably assumes that heaven looks like thailand.  ...which would be a nice place to spend eternity.)  thai iced tea is really good, too.
p150
aVall i'm sayin' is that i crave thai cuisine's tom kha veggie soup. perfect winter warm up, though i loved it in the summer just the same.
p151
aVreally enjoyed the food here!  i was contemplating whether to give it 4 stars but then i thought what could have been better and couldn't really think of anything.  the service was prompt and friendly - they were attentive without being annoying.  \u000a\u000ai got what i usually get at thai places - spicy basil noodles and they were probably the best i've had in pittsburgh.  i got a level 8 spicy and most of the time at other thai establishments i'm disappointed in the lack of spiciness even when i get a level 8, but i can honestly say it was satisfactory level 8 spice worthy - which i truly appreciated.  \u000a\u000ait was jumping for dinner and it's byob so stop by the wine and spirits store beforehand!
p152
aVi've been here twice so far and it is actually very good. i'm extremely judgmental when it comes to thai food and though the food wasn't perfect (but it was satisfying) i'm still going to give it four stars because i have yet to find a better thai place in pittsburgh that isn't a murderously long drive away from our house.
p153
aVwhy haven't i revewied thai cuisine before?! i was feeling ridiculously lazy tonight so i ordered delivery from them for the millionth time (available through wheel deliver, fyi) and i felt like they deserved some recognition since i have never had a negative experience here.\u000a\u000athere isn't much to say about thai cuisine, really. the name says it all--straight-up, no frills thai. they aren't trying to do anything creative or fusiony, they just make good food. first things first, i'm obsessed with fresh spring rolls so for a restaurant to become my primary thai destination, it has to get those right. thai cuisine's are not the best i've ever had, but they are definitely up there as one of my favorites in pittsburgh. soft, fresh, and big...nothing's worse than a puny spring roll that is practically frozen from sitting in a refrigerator all day (ahem...thai place). so since thai cuisine passes the spring roll test, i can talk about their other food, which is all delicious. my favorite is the pineapple curry, but i've liked everything i've tried here. if you're one of those people who doesn't venture past pad thai, don't worry, that's good too. as a bonus, the portions here are pretty large so the prices are pretty reasonable for the amount of food you get.\u000a\u000athe most reliable thai place i've found so far in the city (although i haven't tried them all yet).
p154
aVmy thai food world tour took a detour to nowhere for a while... but i'm back on! and what a triumphant return it was!! \u000a\u000ai had wanted to try thai cuisine for a while but was held up by their remodel. since i wasn't in before, i can't compare to the old, but i'm digging the new look! it's fresh and vibrant, with a friendly staff and comfy booths. they're winning with me already...\u000a\u000awe were seated quickly, and almost as our butts hit the booth, there was a bowl of fried noodles and sweet n' sour sauce dropped off like lightning! bonus points! being totally committed to trying pad thai at every thai place in the burgh, you know what i ordered. okay, you really want to know? pad thai with shrimp.\u000a\u000aso here's the thing. i really liked the pad thai noodles and sauce. it was a huge portion that i ate entirely (lay off me, i'm starving!!) and it was very saucy (just the way i like it!). i was not into the shrimp. it tasted fishy. like suspicious fishy. i couldn't put my finger on it. was it unfrozen recently? did it have freezer burn? was it sitting out too long? i couldn't tell. but the one thing i knew was that it was not fresh. bummer. it also came with this weird side salad on the plate. it was had a really thick, almost disgustingly so, peanut dressing with a touch of iceberg lettuce. i took a couple bites and gave up. methinks not!\u000a\u000aso mental note, next time don't order the shrimp. but seriously, this was the closest i've had to my favorite pad thai in the city, spice island in oakland. i promise you, i'll order something different next time i go back!!
p155
aVlet me start this by saying i got on the wrong bus and ended up walking from garfield to bloomfield and then once in bloomfield i proceeded to get lost behind west penn hospital. with that being said i was hoping that all my stumbling around in the elements would not be in vain.   \u000a\u000athe food at thai cuisine is more pitiful than my sense of direction. i ordered threes company: shrimp, scallops and calamari in a thai chili sauce. the sauce is my favorite part of a thai meal but thai cuisine came up short here. what i enjoy must about a thai chili sauce is the complexity of flavors but this sauce in my dish was your standard thin runny brown sauce.  the kind that comes with lets say beef and broccoli.  i think the menu description was misleading and had i known it would be brown sauce i would have ordered something else.  \u000a\u000asome of the onions in my dish were cold which leads me to believe that the food was not cooked to order or at least not all of it.  there was plenty of shrimp in the dish and the calamari tasted great, but the dish lacked flavor. the carrots and broccoli was cooked beyond recognition.\u000a\u000afor my hubby i ordered the thai steak , it tasted like a frozen salisbury steak dinner and salisbury steak just so happens to be one my least favorite foods.  had i not sampled his dinner this would have been a solid three star review. \u000a\u000ai see no reason to go back here.
p156
aVfirst of all, despite my hatred for pf changs, i love their lettuce wraps. i'd do dirty, horrible things for their lettuce wraps. these lettuce wraps were not pf changs lettuce wraps. the search for pf changs comparable lettuce wraps continues. \u000a\u000abesides that, the food was okay, nothing out of the ordinary for thai food, but it was a little overpriced for the servings that they were offering as well as the quality.
p157
aVa haiku:\u000a\u000ayum yum yum yum yum\u000agood oh my god so good yes\u000ayum yum yum yum yum\u000a\u000ahere is a story about the time i had a major fail:\u000ai lived in bloomfield just blocks from this place, and i never ate here.  the end.\u000a\u000aseriously, what the hell is wrong with me that today was the first time i ate here?  also,if you eat lunch here during your work day, you should know the rest of your day will feel like a giant let down.\u000a\u000athis place looks like a dive from the outside.  its actually pretty cute inside.  they are really affordable.  i had the pineapply curry with tofu, and my friend had the eggplant something, i cna't remember, but he liked it.\u000a\u000athe lemongrass soup is good and spicy and the cripy spring roll is delicious and small, so you're ready for your entree.  i loved mine.  i ate the whole thing and i dont even feel guilty.  \u000a\u000athis place is delicious, and i will definetly be back!
p158
aVi love thai food and the food here is fantastic! \u000a\u000athere are lots of great thai restaurants in pittsburgh, but this is definitely one of my favorites. there are not may places that make great pad thai and great red curry, but this place does. \u000a\u000aservice is always good and the food comes out well prepared and quickly. i keep wanting to try something new, but the old standbys are so good that i haven't really veered away from them.
p159
aVa south hills legend.  the only problems are a total lack of parking and long wait but a great pizza if you can be patient.
p160
aVstanding ovation. i can't believe i forgot to review this place. though i haven't been back in years, my boo brought home a slice the other day and it smelled like heaven. iced tea in a carton? you cannot beat that.
p161
aVeat at fioris, they said.  youll like it, they said.\u000a\u000ais it conveniently located on west liberty boulevard, this restaurant features absolutely nowhere to park on the road that is impossible to get to.\u000a\u000awhen i called to place our order a miserable sounding me an answer the phone with the side and then said what do you need? i placed our order and he said don't come down here it's going to be at least an hour to we can get to you if my coworkers can do anything right. that was really unprofessional. some people may think that character but really i don't care what kind of a day the person taking the pizza order is having i just want to place my order without feeling im bothering them,\u000a\u000ayou should know that you will have to illegally parked your car to pick your order up.  the place was filthy inside and it was packed full of people and total mayhem. i would never ever recommend eating in store even if the place was clean up you're still going to have people waiting to pick three orders of standing right over you. it was also about a hundred degrees in there. they also only take cash with they didn't mention and there was no sign so i was glad i had cash on hand.\u000a\u000ai knew that something was up with the pizza 13 started leaking through the lid of the pizza as we were driving it home. the bottom and the top rated with grease. how does that even happen? my friend said that's a sign of a great pizza but he is a guy and we have other eating priorities it was disgusting. you're not supposed to take a slice of pizza up out of the pizza box and have all of the toppings slide off due to thebgrease.  the only restaurant that could get away with pizza that greasy is vincents and they are now gone..you could caulk a bathtub with the cheese that's how rubbery it was. it was disgusting. the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added. it was gross i don't understand why anybody likes this restaurant but the poor service and the poor quality of the food is a prime example of a restaurant resting on the laurels of its legacy.
p162
aVfiori's pizza is amazing! when my husband and i first moved to pittsburgh over four years ago, we rented a home in brookline. as soon as coworkers learned where i lived, they said, "you have to try fiori's." \u000a\u000awe would order fiori's for any occasion... from a quiet don't-feel-like-cooking tuesday night to a big birthday party. though takeout is great, i highly recommend eating in the restaurant. the pizza tastes even more incredible when eaten immediately.\u000a\u000afiori's pizza has a sweet, doughy crust that tastes a little extra crispy when eaten immediately vs. doughier when taken home. the sauce is also sweet, and the pizza is covered in a thick layer of cheese. don't make the mistake of ordering toppings. any fiori's lover knows that you eat fiori's with just the cheese.\u000a\u000ammm... even thinking about their pizza makes me crave it. plus, the good news is that they've recently opened a second location and now take credit cards! hopefully, they continue to expand within the pittsburgh area and introduce people outside of the south hills to their delicious product.
p163
aVi don't make it here nearly often enough *sigh*...\u000a\u000athis place is sooo good!  a friendly fun atmosphere with great great great neapolitan pizza.  i actually managed to order something other than pizza (a couple of pasta dishes) and that was fabulous!  my parents are not usually fans of italian food, but even they agreed that il pizzaiolo had great food and didn't complain!  :)  the wine flights are also fun and affordable even if not the best wine.\u000a\u000aparking can be a pain at night and on weekends - probably because there is likely to be a line for this place...  try for lunch or an early dinner.
p164
aVokay, okay, i finally get it. i've been told about this place for years and finally stopped in on friday night around 8 pm.  i guess i'm not the only person who likes pizza on a friday night because it was packed.  however, we were escorted out back to a beautiful wine bar with great dark lighting, comfy furniture and additional seating.  the bar itself was pretty small, maybe 8 seats and the place was packed.  it didn't affect our service which was quite good and no one in the group waited for a drink.  the crowd was (i hate this word) "trendy" and most were laughing and having fun.  the wine seemed to be relatively reasonable priced, however i'd like more options than just italian wine.  we sampled a charcutterie platter which was amazing.  the meats were top notch and flavorful.  the hummus and olives were some of the best i've had and the buffalo mozzarrella was to die for. the best i've ever had.  after a few drinks we were able to secure a table for 6 in the front and the server was prompt and friendly.  wow, the pizza truly the best i've had in the burgh'.  i love mineos, aiellos, and fioris as much as the next but this is in a different league.  we ordered the neoplolitan pizza which is very simple, light, thin crust and amazing flavor.  as another yelper mentioned this is one of only 16 pizza places in the states to be certified to serve authentic neopolitan pizza.  we also tried some of the other pasta dishes, which were very good but again go for the pizza.  it's one of the best pies i've had coast to coast and i'd stack up against ray's or any other historic pizza joint in nyc.  i'd give it 5 stars if it had better parking and a better wine selection.
p165
aVwtf?  how does this place get so highly rated on yelp?  it's not awful, but it was one of the most mediocre brick-oven pizzas i've ever eaten.  there's much better "fancy" pizza in pittsburgh, and much better regular pizza, too.  \u000a\u000athe antipasto plate was good, but definitely not worth the $15 they charge for it.  decor's not bad, but the space is a little noisy; service was pretty average, below what i'd expect for a $15/person place.  \u000a\u000along story short: unless you're in the neighborhood, you can get better italian elsewhere in the 'burgh.\u000a\u000a\u000a\u000ap.s. this is yet another pittsburgh establishment that doesn't take credit cards.  seriously, is the whole city in a 1995 time warp?  (...or are all of these places just cheating on their tax bills?  it's a lot harder to hide check and credit card transactions from an auditor.  with cash, you just need to hide a few receipts.)
p166
aVfinally - a pittsburgh restaurant with a decent outside patio!  patio is in the back, so you don't get all the road noise, and is quite pleasant.  in fact, we got seated in the back corner by the fountain, which is not a normal table, but one of those stone garden tables.  despite not being the most comfortable of seats, it was by far the most enchanting part of the patio.\u000a\u000ai thought the pizza was "eh." the dough was a little "doughy' for my taste.  i was significantly more impressed with my pasta dish, which was incredibly delicious, but also incredibly rich, so i had to leave about half of it.  i guess that's what i get for ordering pastas with cream sauce.\u000a\u000ain summary - a cute place for a date if you can sit outside.  i didn't find the inside half as exciting.  i'll give them another chance on the pizza, but even if you don't have that, try the pasta.
p167
aVi can't explain how thrilled i was to find il pizzaiolo. the closest thing i've been able to find to authentic italian pizza in the 'burgh. me and my boyfriend came here for a light lunch, but had a difficult time deciding between the d.o.c. margherita and the arugula and prosciutto. we eventually decided to keep it classic and order the margherita.\u000a\u000aas soon as it came out, i could tell it was exactly what i had been craving for months. real. pizza. we scarfed down the whole thing in minutes. and then being the fat kids we are, we just had to order another one. screw light lunches, right? this time we got our second choice, and although it was pretty messy to eat, it was just as tasty.\u000a\u000ai hadn't had pizza like this since the last time i visited new york city, so eating here was pretty much a spiritual experience. at least for me, a pizza lover stranded in pittsburgh. the only thing i would improve is that i wish the pizza had a more "soupy" center. that would just take it to the next level for me. other than that, the service was quick and the atmosphere was quaint and pleasant. unfortunately, it's fairly pricey for a casual meal, so i won't be able to come here as often as i would like (oh, and despite what another reviewer said, they do take credit cards). definitely want to come back and try the pasta sometime, though...so expect a part two!
p168
aVmaybe it's because i was in the mood for pizza or maybe, just maybe it was really that good!  my friend and i ordered the rice/risotto stuffed with mozarella appetizer (don't rememeber the name) and the margherita pizza - it was sooo good.  it's exactly what i wanted and everything was served hot and fresh.  \u000a\u000athe pizza was thin and delightfully tasteful - no one flavor really overpowered another.  and i'll tell you what, i'm not a big pizza crust eater, i actually haven't eaten the crust of a pizza for years - well that infamous night at il pizzaiola put a stop to that trend.  i ate every piece of that pizza slice including the crust.  \u000a\u000aif your in the mood for pizza check this place out!  it was a bit pricey just for pizza, but i thought it was worth it.
p169
aVafter living in italy for 7 months during my college years i can say that i have a voice in the discussion of what first-rate italian should taste like. just so you all know i have tried almost every dish on the menu but will stick to what in my opinion is the best. i did not leave 5 stars because i do think it is a bit overpriced. the last time i went my server was really impatient and snobby when i was asking questions and trying to decide on the wine.  i arrived before the dinner rush on my birthday so i could take the time to really dine with my boyfriend. \u000a\u000awhy i crave pizzaiolo? mozzarella di bufala. i know for a fact that every thursday they fly in many choice ingredients directly from italia. this creamy delicacy is by far my best loved. it either comes on the doc margherita pizza or mixed in with some of the pasta selections. i always order the doc as an appetizer then the rigatoni alla siciliana. they also only use san marzano tomatoes in the marinara sauces which introduces a bold rich flavor without as much acidity. the key to these dense, deep red fruits is that they are grown in the fertile volcanic soil in italy.  the siciliana is an eggplant based dish that i find myself desiring often in my favorite dish spankbank. the perfect texture of the al dente pasta combined with the melt in your mouth salty, tart smoothness of the mozzarella and eggplant in the sweet heavily basil based garlic sauce is a party for the taste buds. i just keep eating until i am uncomfortably full. the wine selection is also above par, i enjoy the berro barberra. full bodied, spicy, splashes of berry, and low in tannins. \u000a\u000aas for the pizza, it is reminiscent of the famous brick oven pizzas of da michele found in only napoli. the crust is extremely thin, light. and crispy. follow that with my "pièce de résistance" mozzarella di bufala, tangy san marzano tomato sauce, and fresh leaves of basil you will find that simplicity is more. (yes i know that reference is french) so mangia bene at il pizzaillo
p170
aVpasta is my second language. eating pasta is my sport! \u000a\u000awith that said, i'm always hesitant to get gnocchi because it never seems to be cooked right. it's always gummy and gross. but the waitress assured me the gnocchi here was homemade and very delicious. i took her advice and was served an incredible plate of melt in your mouth light and puffy clouds of italian magic! need i say more? ok i will.... \u000a\u000athe sauce also tasted delicious and definitely homemade. i was torn between getting the gnocchi or pasta vodka. i would have been totally satisfied with that choice as well. thankfully, my friend ordered the pasta vodka and i ws able to steal away a couple bites of it. the sauce was fantastic! it was so creamy and had a hint of parmesan cheese flavor. cheese makes everything better in my eyes (and mouth)! \u000a\u000aour server was really fantastic and did a great job with input on our meals and also filling us in on some upcoming events. they're having cooking classes and wine pairing nights, which i'm totally into! such a great way to get people in the door and eating, plus drinking! \u000a\u000avery quaint and cute inside. i went there thursday and had to hold myself back from not going there again on saturday.  my pasta loving self will sure to be back soon though!
p171
aVit's been several years since my last disappointing visit here . i am glad things have improved . great selection of food with many varieties of pizza . nice wine list . the restaurant is separated between front restaurant portion and wine bar in rear . it is a pricey restaurant and all parking is on-street or in a public garage .
p172
aVmy boo and i came here because i drive by it every day and it is always filled with people. great menu selection, love the atmosphere, service was a little slow but i think it was just our waitress and there were groups of friends, couples and even families with children. so basically, appropriate for any occasion.  i thoroughly enjoyed the salad that we split and for our entree we ordered the gnocchi. the gnocchi itself was better than most places but the sauce was a little bit on the sweet side for my taste. \u000a\u000awe will def be back!
p173
aVi ate here this past saturday night for dinner with three other dining companions.  we arrived at around 7 pm and were quoted for a 35 minute wait upon which the hostess suggested that we go to the wine bar in the back.  the wine bar is not exactly in the same building but is a few feet out of the back door of il pizzaiolo.  the wine bar was bursting at its seams for the first five minutes that we were there we could not move much past the door.  eventually the crowd quieted down and i was able to see a beautiful bar, a fireplace with chairs, bookcases full of books on wine and italy and some trendy paintings.  after about an hour wait we were finally seated in the main dining room.\u000a\u000athe main dining dining room was nothing special in my opinion as there was nothing that i can remember that really stuck out.  our waiter came to our table quickly and our group ordered the arancini since we were hungry.  it came out six balls to the plate on a bed of marinara sauce and tasted pretty good.  for dinner i was having a hard time deciding on whether i should have a handmade pasta or the pizza and eventually decided to get both.  my pasta entree was the paglia e fieno which consisted of handmade tagliatelle with prosciutto in a cream sauce.  the tagliatelle was made with either spinach or eggs and the alternating green and beige color combined with the color of the meat gave a nice visual presentation to the backdrop of the cream sauce.  it also tasted wonderful and none was left on my plate whenever i was done.  my pizza was the diavola since i like spicy things and consisted of spicy salami, chile pepper, basil and different cheese.  once again the colors were nice and i absolutely loved the pizza, especially some of the pieces where i got what seemed to be larger than normal gobs of cheese.  my dining companions all also complimented their meals and we were more than happy with the service.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i would definitely come back here in the future.  the food was fantastic and not as expensive as i had expected while the service was good.  i would recommend that you either get their earlier or later on the weekend though to avoid the large crowd that we ran into.
p174
aVtucked in a corner table in their wine/back house location was cozy given the rain pour happening outside. i ordered a chianti to start and then we ordered the vegetable app dish to share, which were both good. for my main meal i ordered the margherita doc pizza based on the reviews. delicious, fresh flavors though my pizza was a bit soggy which was a bit of a downer given the raves. however i would be interested in coming back and making sure that wasn't an anomaly.
p175
aVi dined here on friday and despite some issues with the service/kitchen, i will definetly be back.\u000a\u000awe were able to get a table without reservations or a wait at around 6pm on a friday which was a pleasant surprise!  the restaurant is nice and cozy inside, if a bit loud.  my friends were already dining on the fried cheese balls, which were described by the waiter as "an explosion in your mouth of cheesy goodness."  cheesy goodness explosion?  sign me up.  i'm not even going to try to act like a refined foodie i will do damn near anything for cheese and brother, we had cheese.\u000a\u000athey brought bread out, and it was pretty good but not interesting bc it did not contain cheese.  i ordered the chicken piccatta, one friend had chicken cacciatore, another had the lasagna, and then my healthy vegetarian friend had some dish of marinated vegetables.\u000a\u000awho the hell cares about marinated vegetables?  that was the one dish i did not sample as it did not contain cheese.  \u000a\u000athe wine list was also very good and the waiter knew what he was talking about and i did not find the upcharge outrageous.\u000a\u000athe chicken cacciatore was pretty good.  here's the thing:  my friend who got it alwyas plays it cool so she was all, "it's alright."  i tasted it, and it was good as hell!  its hard to mix sausage and chicken in one dish but this was pretty good.  \u000a\u000amy friend has the lasagna and it was so good as soon as i took a bite i was so overwhelmed by how good it was i smacked him in the shoulder.  it was amazing.  i dont know how it is sooo good, i think it is layered with alternating layers of cocaine, love, and cheese.  \u000a\u000ain a lame attempt to be healthy, i ordered the chicken piccatta.  when a waiter says, "you know, its good but here's what i recommend..."  i need to learn to recognize that for the "get something else!" that statement is.\u000a\u000afor some reason my entree came out 10 min after everyone elses. i ordered it bc i thought it would be healthier than heavy pasta but it was swimming in a lemon butter sauce that was not healthy but very good.  there were capers in the dish too and they were the only thing interesting about it.  this dish was pleasant but unremarkable and underwhelming.  get something else.  ask the waiter what to get and then trust his judgement.\u000a\u000ai will def be back, and the next time i am back i think i'll try the pizza that they are so famous for.  i highly recommend this restaurant if you have not been there..
p176
aVi visited italy recently and when i came back i decided i wanted to try to find some similar quality italian food here in pittsburgh now that my standards are higher after having the real deal.  pizzaiolo did not disappoint.  they had a pasta with an all'amatriciana sauce i had only seen before in italy, and i also had their lasagne bolgnese and a fresh buffalo mozzarella appetizer.  all were amazing and on par with the quality i found in italy.  they also had a nice selection of italian craft beers which i've never seen anywhere else in the us before.  i just wish they'd include some english descriptions of them on the menu!  all the staff there is also very friendly and attentive.  the atmosphere feels more like a gourmet brick oven pizza place than a nice italian restaurant, but they definitely have a lot more to offer than their pizza (which is also excellent).
p177
aVii pizzaiolo has long been on my radar as a new place to try.  who doesn't love a little italian?  (well, i divorced one, but that's a whole 'nother story not fit for yelp).  so, when i got the chance to show up here, i was very excited!\u000a\u000awe made a reservation for a weekend afternoon, so not necessary, btw.  the interior is shall we say cozy?  we got our pick of tables.  service was meh.  our service acted bored until we mentioned that this was our first visit, then we were given her high energy sales pitch, "delicious food created using old-world techniques and the high quality ingredients.  most menu items are hand-made and if they are not, they are imported from the best sources".  did she forget anything?  i hope not!  wait, there is more, "the mozzarella is direct from naples".  that's more like it, gf, show some enthusiam!\u000a\u000alots of great choices on the menu!  bj got the chicken cacciatore and i got the lasgana.  our server warned us of the extra wait time for my meal.  no problem, i was willing to wait for this classic homemade dish!  unfortunately, it did to live up to my expectations.  first off, it was served lukewarm.  back to the oven for my dish!  it was a little better the second time around.  nothing special about the sauce or meat.  bj liked his dish, too.  but really nothing special.\u000a\u000aall in all, a decent meal.  maybe we ordered the wrong things.  but we had nothing that we would make us want to go back.
p178
aVbeen coming to this restaurant for years, before the fire that caused the entire renovation of the place you now go to.   obviously, i like the food, good quality, a perfect serving size, and the amuse bouche is a nice touch!  the wine selection by the glass is pretty decent.  service is always great.\u000a\u000athe bar area is fun and definitely a place for young professionals out for a drink, to hang, and to meet others.  at night, for the late-night menu, you can even get a few selections made from their neighbors, umi!
p179
aVi had read about soba in pittsburgh magazine. i was intrigued when i saw that soba was numbero uno according to a recent reader's poll. and doubly impressed that it was listed as one of the magazine's top 25 restaurants in the city. with a build up like that, i was very excited to dine here. \u000a\u000awe had an early evening reservation. the exterior is described as 3 story victorian. looked like a homely dump to me. inside was a very different story. sleek and modern, with a zen like garden feel, we were excited as little kids to be lead to table on the 3rd floor near the bar area. i thought the atmosphere was tranquil and very romantic. i started with the thai corn chowder with crab meat. i was taken aback by the color, a sort of dreary gary/mustard. but it was very delicious, very spicy. my bbf had a salad that was very flavorful with chicken and fresh spring greens. we were also served an appetizer with cucumber and pita chips. \u000a\u000afor dinner, we had the filet mignon and the seafood hot pot. the filet was extremely thick and served with a nice vegetable mixture and potatoes.  the flavor was amazing.  the seafood looked delicious, i sampled the shrimp and they were very well seasoned. \u000a\u000adessert was also just as amazing. we shared the vanilla-roasted asian pear served with a gingerbread biscuit, asian pear sorbet and sabayon. we also shared a chai spiced creme caramel flan. it was so yummy with pumpkin seed brittle and vanilla chantilly. \u000a\u000aall in all a very special evening. everything was wonderfully presented and service was very good.  i have to agree with the readers of pittsburgh mag.
p180
aVoverrated.  completely overrated.\u000a\u000aafter reading all the rave reviews and hearing about how amazing soba was, i went there last night with two companions.  we started off with an order of calamari and tuna tartar.  what came out even before our appetizers was a complementary cucumber salad (it appeared that every table got it).  i found the flavor of the cucumber salad the best part of dinner.  the cool cucumbers were complemented with a slightly spicy sauce, which were served with slices of pita bread.  even though our waiter went on about how the calamari was different than other restaurants, it was strikingly similar to the overly breaded calamari at the cheesecake factory.  it wasn't heavily seasoned, and most of the flavor came from the garlic sauce and freshly squeezed lime juice.  i preferred the tuna tartar over the calamari, as the the flavors melded well together with just the right amount of bite from citrus notes.  these were served with house made potato chips, which were sliced thin and fried golden with just the right amount of crunch.\u000a\u000afor entrees, my companions ordered our server's #1 and #2 recommendations of seared rare tuna and boneless pork chop, and i ordered the wok seared sea scallops, since i've been having a craving for large plump sea scallops for some time.  one companion asked a rhetorical question of why everything that is labeled as "asian fusion" or "exotic" has to be spicy, which we could not answer.  his seared rare tuna was a tuna steak cooked rare topped with the korean "gochujang" mellowed out with some soy and probably sugar (that's where the fusion plays in, instead of kiwi or pear juice).  he mentioned that he liked the ginger fried rice, even though the rice was probably one day old (fried rice is traditionally made with leftover rice).  my other companion received a 10 oz. thick cut pork chop.  being so thick and also pork, the meat was flavorless and dry.  i sampled a piece from the outside edge and one cut from the center; the first piece had the flavor form the char, but the center cut one was so bland i could not finish it.  the defining part of the dish was it's spicy chili honey sauce, as it made the pork edible.  the grits were ok, not amazing, but not bad.  two five oz. pork chops would've probably done the dish more justice than that 10 oz monstrosity.  meats that need to be cooked through should not be thick cut unless it's well marbled, and we all know how hard it is to find marbled pork nowadays.  last, my dish consisted of around 4 oz. of rice cakes cooked in an overly salty "sauce" with pork and bok choy topped with four seared sea scallops.  for some reason, i was expecting my sea scallops to be around 30% larger in diameter, but realistically being in pittsburgh the only scallops that are available are ones that are shipped from the coast.  the scallops were seared perfectly (but honestly now, searing sea scallops is not difficult).  the rice cakes were cooked properly, but they were miniscule in size and thickness, and overly salty from the "spicy" sauce, which had maybe quarter of a clove of minced garlic, and half a seeded chili pepper.  the bok choy was cooked beyond recognition, and basically became a sponge for the soy sauce.  the few strips of julienned pork was probably 2 oz. meat, and did not fit well with the dish as it got lost in the sauce.  dishes that are soupy in nature should have larger pieces of meat; only dishes that have more solid food than liquid should be allows to use small pieces of meat.  i was not impressed at all.  yes, i keep switching between soup and sauce; it's labeled as a sauce in the menu, and it was definitely too salty to be a soup, but it's consistency was that of soup, and it was served with one of those soup spoons you get with egg drop soup in asian restaurants.\u000a\u000afor it's price, soba should've been much better.  i would've given soba two stars, but our waiter was attentive and the ambiance was nice.
p181
aVhow have i not reviewed soba yet?  well, let me remedy this oversight directly.  with this review i have now completed a clean sweep of all big burrito restaurants and i believe have not give one less than four stars.  this is a testament to this talented restaurant group which recently gained national attention by being named a semi-finalist by james beard foundation for restaurater of the year.  that's it pittsburgh we are getting more and more attention with the national food scene.  so, i've been here a million times (well, not literally) and was here last on wednesday for business prior to the pitt game with mike and g. w. (not our former president...he hates asian fusion).  the space is beautiful and i spend most of time at the bar where they serve the full menu.  howeve, a couple tidbits on the dining room.  it's three levels with a bar on the first and third level i believe an also a deck for al fresca' dining.  the first level is beautiful earthy tones, white linens and really comfortable chairs with some bench seating on the sides and four tops scattered about.  the ceilings are very high and there is a staircase in the middle of the room.  the top floor has very nice wood floors and a small wood bar.  the lighting is intimate and flattering.  the bar itself is pretty large with bench seating on the sides and nice comfy leather chairs for lounging.  i believe the doors open up to the sidewalk in the summer.  the service is always adequate, but not necessarily friendly i'd say. i usually get this bald fellow who is nice enough, but probably wouldn't engage in conversation if i was by myself.  one small complaint is that they tend to keep the bar really dark, which i like if i'm trying to hide in the corners while i drink away my concerns, but if i'm on a date i'd prefer a little more light.  the menu seems to me to not change that frequently and i rarely hear them offer features not already on the menu.  i guess it's because i've been here so often, but i wish they had more options.  we started wednesday with korean barbecue ribs, chicken spring rolls and calamari.  the barbecue ribs were probably the best thing i had there all night.  they were well seasoned, fall off the bone and a healthy portion for only $9.  the chicken spring rolls were forgettable and the calamari was just "ok".  it was served lightly breaded, but lacked any real flavor.  we all drank relatively reasonably priced wine for under $10 a glass.  g. w. and i ordered the seared rare tuna, which is a very healthy portion of fresh quick seared good quality tuna with a sesame seed coating.  it's served with house made kim chi (really spicy) and ginger fried rice.  it's a safe choice and probably the most popular entree on the menu.  mike had the seafood hot pot, and i think he was the winner with best entree' choice.  it was a delicious curry broth served with rice on the side overflowing with mussels (fresh), scallops (cooked perfectly) shrimp and i thinki may have even have tasted sausage.  we skipped dessert.  this is a good place for some drinks and even a nice meal, especially if you don't come here often.  congrat's again big burrito group for the james beard nom.
p182
aVfood: 5 stars.\u000aservice: 3 stars.\u000a\u000alike others have said, soba is by far my favorite of the big burrito group.  the space is very unique with a dark ambiance of stone, wood and water.\u000a\u000athe best part of our experience was the food.  we started off with the crispy tofu small plate.  this was far from small and was a lovely pile of fried tofu in a pad thai-like sauce which featured some good green onion and black pepper.\u000a\u000awe then moved on to our entrees.  i had a very generous portion of short rib.  it was a very slow cooked, tender (but not too fatty) short rib atop a bed of roasted fingerling potatoes, sweet potatoes and carrots all topped by a lovely korean-like barbecue sauce and peanuts.  wow!\u000a\u000amy partner had a very tasty hedgehog mushroom, rice cake noodle, basil, apple combination.  she is vegetarian and noted that soba had some of the best and most original vegetarian options she has seen in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000alastly, the lower points of the meal.  the wine list, while somewhat extensive, was rather ho-hum and a bit overpriced on the low end (more moderate on the high-end).  wines by the glass were a mediocre pour.  the service also left some to be desired.  when it became somewhat obvious we weren't going to throw down more than $100, our server became elusive and rather short with us when he did show his face.  in addition to his lukewarm, standoffish nature he did not offer any recommendations and his familiarity with the wine list seemed to be marginal at best.  \u000a\u000aanyhow, he didn't ruin the meal and i can't wait to go back and have good service so i can rate this place the 5 stars it deserves!
p183
aVlike the other big burrito group restaurants, this restaurant features excellent food. sat at the bar and enjoyed wine, a seafood dinner, and dessert. fairly fancy although you can get away with wearing jeans.
p184
aVoh soba... always a tasty experience, but you always manage to screw up just enough to not make you a place i would brag about.  tonight, i ordered the pad thai... meh.  i've had it twice here, and each time, a loser.  this time it had a great taste, but the after taste had too much of a carbon flavor for my palate.  however, the mussels were great and the braised ribs were excellent.  nonetheless, i still have that burnt carbon taste in my mouth, hence the 3 stars.  would i go back again?  yes.  but just stay away from the pad thai.
p185
aVsoba saturday night after art all night! whew there were so many people in lawrenceville! it was impossible to get in anywhere and my group wasn't willing to stand outside in the brisk air just to get in and have to fight for seating or even a drink. soba was the perfect choice! love, love it here.\u000a\u000ai have been here to eat before but most nights it's such a busy place that we head elsewhere. since all of pittsburgh was on butler st we got in and sat right down in the lounge next to the glass fireplace! i would love to do a photoshoot in this sexy space. there is always a romantic mood at soba. martini glasses clinking in a group cheers, a spectacular setting for a lovely evening and exciting conversation, discussing all the interesting art we just saw.\u000a\u000ayou have to try the cucumber martini, it is "muah" marvelous! i think my drinks all summer will be cucumber themed because it is so light and refreshing! \u000a\u000ai have this thing for pad thai, and i am searching the city for the best. so that is what i ordered last time i dined here. it was a pretty decent pad thai but i am still looking for one like i had years ago at papermoon in erie. it was the best i ever had in my life, no competitors yet. the appetizers i have tried are very good. this is an upscale dining establishment so expect that the food will be as well. they have a small lot that is always packed so you may have to drive around on the small side streets to find parking. i think this is one of the best spots in the city for a date night!
p186
aVthe night i moved to pittsburgh in january 2010, i went to soba with my parents. my mom was so obsessed that we had to go every time they visited. i loved it too, but after realizing there were so many other worthy restaurants to try in pittsburgh, soba fell by the wayside, to the point where i figured that maybe i was playing it up to be better than it actually was in my head.\u000a\u000ai ended up going back to soba for dinner this week since it's right around the corner from my new place. and it was actually just as good as i remembered! i was upset that there was nothing pork belly related on the menu (that was always my favorite here), but ended up getting yellowtail sashimi, scallops with a peach jam, and the chopped salad. the chopped salad here, which changes with the seasons, is possibly one of my favorite salads of all time. there's always like ten thousand ingredients in it and it's always super refreshing (this time there was nectarine, coconut, cucumber, avocado, mint...).\u000a\u000ai wish the restaurant wasn't quite so dark (this seems to be the trend in all big burrito restaurants) and we were being stared down by a snobby older couple the entire time (we dined at 10pm, and were dressed to go out afterward...i don't know if it was my friend's tattoos or the fact that i was wearing a crop top that was so offensive, but they were not having it!), but otherwise it was an all-around awesome experience. our waitress was super nice and down-to-earth and didn't make us feel like we were out of place at all. so, soba, you have managed to maintain your 5-star rating from me, and i'm so very sorry i've been neglecting you!
p187
aVmy boyfriend took me out to dinner at soba lounge for my birthday last week!  we had reservations for 7 pm on a thursday evening, and had an absolute hell of a time parking!  how does anybody live in this neighborhood?  it's maddening.  the lot next to soba was full, and there's only one way in/out, so it was pretty much impossible to get out of after we realized it was full - don't even bother, just drive around until you find street parking somewhere.\u000a\u000aour disgruntled-ness quickly wore off when we stepped inside.  dimly lit, sleekly decorated, and filled with a sense of zen and calm, my boyfriend noted that it reminded him of the restaurants in chicago.  high praise!  we followed our server upstairs, past a peaceful wall-waterfall, and to our elegant table.  there was a medium-size crowd at soba that night, consisting oddly of mostly older people and businessmen - not many twenty somethings in sight!  that was a bit surprising, but fortunately the noise level was low, giving soba a feeling of intimacy - great for a date!\u000a\u000aour server was friendly, perky, and quick to recommend her favorite dishes.  she was the kind of server who, if you wanted her to, would stop at your table to chat for a few minutes, but if you'd rather she was unobtrusive and quick, she could do that too.  i started with a cocktail, the gin blossom, and my boyfriend got something with drambuie that isn't on the menu anymore.  i loved mine - it was purple!  it was very floral and sweet, perfect for me.  just strong enough too - i sipped it throughout the whole meal.\u000a\u000awe started with the grilled baby octopus, which actually was great!  the texture was meatier than we expected - i think we anticipated the rubbery, chewiness of calamari.  but it was great!  the legs (tentacles?) were lined with grill marks and the meat had a salty, savory taste.  and the aioli that lined the plate?  creamy and delicious.  next, we enjoyed the lobster maki with pistachios and mango - it was delicious and fresh, presented very simply.  a bit pricey for what you get, but we enjoyed it nonetheless.\u000a\u000afor my entree, i had the sea scallops with bbq pork, and it was pretty wonderful.  the scallops were cooked perfectly, and i mean perfectly.  the pork underneath was flavorful and tender - a bit salty, but at least it wasn't bland!  the rice cake noodles were deliciously glutinous and chewy.  it was a good size portion as well - i couldn't quite finish it after the two appetizers we shared, so i had to take a bit home. boyfriend got the pad thai, and i found it a little disappointing in that it was indistinguishable from takeout pad thai.  good takeout, but still - it didn't seem heightened in any way.  which is fine, i guess, but for $19?  whoa.  no.  he was satisfied with it, but i was disappointed since it was a special occasion and his meal definitely wasn't of birthday caliber.  at least it was my birthday and not his!\u000a\u000ai think generally the food here is very good, and the atmosphere is upscale and intimate.  i'd stick with the dishes that are complex and unique.  don't go here and get the pad thai.  but you won't be disappointed by the exotic offerings!
p188
aVyou cannot go wrong in a big burrito restaurant! well, unless you are  looking for your mexican friend's grandma's cooking at mad mex. soba is probably my fave bb restaurant (i haven't been to umi yet). i love creative foods and drinks and soba delivers here. it's about 17-item small plates list seems extensive, because you would want to try every one of them. we shares six small plates for dinner - grilled octopus, vietnamese shrimp and squid, yellowtail sashimi, lobster maki, korean bbq ribs and calamari. the viet shrimps were quite overcooked - kind of like when you try cooking the chilled cooked shrimps. it's sauce and the accompaniments were amazing though. the ribs were a big hit, crispy, tender and not fatty. i wish the sashimi was a little bigger in portion and the calamari about half the amount they offer. the portions, except for the sashimi were "pittsburgh portions". i almost had to be rolled back home; i was that full, and happy. if i am to spend $100+ on dinner, then i want to be this happy that i would want to write a yelp review the very next morning.
p189
aVi'd prob give soba 3.5 stars if i could. we didn't want to drive in the snow so walked over to soba on a friday night and actually made reservations just an hour before (we prob won't get away with that on a non-stormy night). after a blast of warm air i was welcomed into this dark, cozy and seductive venue. we were led up to the top level and settled in. i ordered a sapporo, calamari and tuna. beer always hits the spot for me. calamari was delicious with a nice mayo sauce with a squirt of lime. the tuna was tender! my butter knife cut into it so easily. the side of kimchi was just okay and the abundance of hot sauce sauce was to much for me. fried rice went well with everything and balanced the tuna and sauce out. we then ordered the coconut cashew brownie which was delicious too as suggested by the waitress. the portions were large imho and while the service was fantastic i just thought the food was priced a tad high for what was offered. seems like soba would be nice for a special occasion or just to have a nice dinner though.
p190
aVwhat a lovely, intimate, upscale restaurant! a nice surprise by my boo on a wednesday night was going to soba for dinner. we didn't have reservations but there was some seating available and we opted to sit outside since the weather was gorgeous.  i have never been here before and was really impressed with the decor! the outside seating area was my favorite part of the whole dining experience. comfortable chairs, lights strung across the ceiling, the most pleasant breeze and a view of the sky (which at the time was a mix of pinks and reds). \u000a\u000aboo and i split an appetizer (the mushroom, spinach dumplings) and the pad thai entree. both were fantastic as was the service. love it!
p191
aVi have dined at soba more times than any other restaurant in pittsburgh; it is my favorite! the dishes are original and creative, not like anything one can find elsewhere. i don't like tofu so much, but their tofu appetizer is fantastic - and is a large portion for a moderate cost. the chopped salad is worthy of my daily cravings. they usually have two vegetarian entrees, one or both of which can be made vegan. for a long while they had an awesome rice cake dish that i could not resist - it was a take on pesto with neato chewy rice cake noodle things and a seasonal mix of veggies and mushrooms. i do miss that one. but lately i've been getting the thakkali curry, which is pretty good too, with an interesting take on mango pickle (spicy!) and sadly, it comes with the best paratha in town. \u000a\u000aonce i had a bad experience with the rice cake dish - it came out all wrong. i was unable to complain at the table due to my company...but i emailed the manager because i wanted them to know that somebody in the kitchen didn't seem to be gettin' it. i also took that opportunity of contact to ask for a recipe for some to-die-for brussels sprouts they used to have on their sides menu that were no longer available. the response was above and beyond what i could have expected. everything was made up for and then some. and they apparently didn't have the recipe i requested on record, but gave me a general run down of how to make it from memory; now i make them at home according to soba's instructions every time!\u000a\u000athe drinks! excellent. some of my favorites are the metamorphosis (no longer on menu, but i think you can still get it), offer you can't refuse, the dirty pickle, la pinta and beauty mark...they also have a nice selection of sake, which is rare in pittsburgh, however is is expensive to buy here. \u000a\u000athe atmosphere is not really my style, but it passes as a cool calm romantic space. i do get sick of hearing the same music every time i go, but there are some great songs in the mix. the service is hit or miss, and some of the servers come off as scripted (probably new). our last server was really slow about checking on us and drinks took a long time (though it wasn't busy). and as with most big burrito restaurants, i don't like that there are separate food runners from servers, because it makes it confusing and more time consuming to ask for things. i prefer the bar seating and service, usually. \u000a\u000aall in all, i think soba is pittsburgh's best place to eat and drink.
p192
aVi am reserving the fifth star for when we return on our own dime and order from the menu. \u000a\u000awent here for an alumni event with my husband.  there was open bar as well as passed hors devours.  then they had a buffet station for dinner and dessert. \u000a\u000asoba outdid itself.  we were about an hour late to the event, but they were still serving some hors devours.  i was able to sample a miso black cod bite in a chinese soup spoon which was a delicious bite and perfectly cooked.  i also had a glass of prosseco that my husband enjoyed as well. \u000a\u000athen the dinner service began, which included chili garlic mashed potatoes, roasted vegetables, seared ahi tuna with korean bbq sauce, and filet mignon with a delicious sauce that i can't remember the name of. \u000a\u000athe food was phenomenal.  the tuna and filet mignon were both stellar and cooked to rare perfection. i also enjoyed a last word cocktail with dinner which was perfectly balanced and delicious. \u000a\u000afor dessert they brought out their chocolate pretzel stack which was delicious and so wonderful with a salty and sweet combination.  they also had what tasted like small lemon tart, but i can't find it on the menu. \u000a\u000aoverall i can't wait to return!  the service, food, and atmosphere where all fantastic!
p193
aVi've never been to soba to eat a proper dinner. only for drinks in their old bar. i remember it being tiny and pretty unremarkable. but now... wow! it's really a beautiful space. they must have replaced the lounge and the drink menu... because now it's memorable!\u000a\u000awe were sitting there enjoying the open air windows looking onto the street, as the slight summer breeze rolled in, trying to figure out if this was an unused space or a new building they bought. either way, the expansion is incredible! \u000a\u000ai truly enjoyed sitting in the lounge sipping on some pretty phenomenal cocktails. i think sometimes i just assume meat and potatoes and acacia are going to be the joints were i'm going to enjoy a stellar cocktail and that's it. but how narrow minded of me? i should be equal opportunity cocktail, right?! \u000a\u000ai loved the docksider (silver rum, aperol, agave nectar, grapefruit bitters, lemon, basil). i'm super into any cocktail with grapefruit, because that equals refreshing to me, and less sweet. but what blew me away was the rebellion (beet infused wigle whiskey, luxardo maraschino). i love beets, so if you don't, this may not be the drink for you... but i thought it had a light beet taste with just the right amount of whiskey. and those maraschino cherries. geez. i could eat gallons of them!\u000a\u000awe also sampled some grub from the menu. the spicy noodles were very good, with just the right amount of spice to make my noose run (a sign of good spice). i could have used a touch more veggies, as the mushrooms were very good, but i find noodle dishes never have enough veggies in them. i thought the pork rolls were okay as well as the calamari, but really dug the yellowtail sashimi. fresh and delicious. like it should be! \u000a\u000ai want to try every single drink. so let's begin...
p194
aVi been to soba a few times and i love the food.  the appetizers are particularly wonderful, so this last time i ordered 3 appetizers, then split an entree.  yeah, that works.  the mussels are very flavorful: blue bay mussels, thai sausage, basil, and szechuan peppercorn.  i can also recommend the filet mignon, which is prepared with chili garlic mashed potatoes, wild mushrooms, garlic soy,  and pea shoots.  delicious.  i think the service could tighten up a bit, and i wish the hostess would be a little more welcoming, but on the whole, the service was good.
p195
aVi stopped by here last night with my fiance and parents for dinner.  it had been awhile since the last time that i had visited soba and it was nice to see that they had renovated the restaurant.  i have always found soba to be a pretty cool place and these renovations have only helped.  one of the most distinct parts of the restaurant is a wall in the dining room that has water coming down it giving it a  waterfall-esque feel.  beyond that there are three levels of dining which is pretty unique for pittsburgh restaurants.  on this day we were seated on the second floor although i have eaten on all of them before.   finally the bar section of the restaurant is also pretty cool with a nice bar and then the surrounding tables seated down pretty low to the floor which is probably to give it an asian feel.\u000a\u000afor dinner my fiance and i decided to start off the evening with the crispy tofu.  this is one of my favorite appetizers in pittsburgh and it once again delivered.  i don't know how they get the tofu so crispy on the outside and yet still somewhat silky on the inside but they do consistently.  the dish is covered with a wonderful lemongrass sauce and garnished with some peanuts, scallions and jalepenos with the jalepenos being a new addition since the last time that i had tried it.  while i thought that the jalepenos added quite a bit to the dish, my mother, who normally doesn't handle any spice very well, did not and ended up with her mouth on fire.  for my entree i decided to go with the dolsot bi bim bap while my fiance went with the pad thai.  if you have never ordered dolsot bibimbap, the dish is served in an hot stone bowl with all of the ingredients on top of the rice and the rice against the bottom of the bowl which makes the rice crispy.  this version of bibimbap came with beef tips, poached egg, pickled shiitake, cucumber kim chi, mung bean sprouts, scallion, nori and goju jang.  while i enjoyed the general flavoring of my dish with everything mixed together, i was not too happy with a couple pieces of meat that were in my dish.  they were hard and if i had to guess, they had some tendon in them which is not what you are looking for whenever you are eating pre-cut beef tips.  beyond my dish i was also able to try some of my fiances pad thai, specifically some shrimp from it.  it had some fabulous flavor with the slight natural sweetness of the shrimp combining with the taste of grilling.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i will definitely head back to soba again in the future.  while this visit was not the best due to the beef tips (hence the four stars instead of the five stars i would have given on all previous visits), everything that i had still tasted good and i still think that soba is in my top 5 list for restaurants in pittsburgh.
p196
aVi really love soba!\u000a\u000asoba has been around forever...possibly 20 years?  it's been one of my favorite dining spots in town for a long time.  it's at least 15 yrs old bc i had my 21st birthday dinner there.  \u000a\u000ai recommend you make reservations before dining here, and you can do it electronically through their website, its really easy.\u000a\u000abefore your dinner i urge you to have cocktails in their bar.  its a lovely space, in fact i've come here just for cocktails.  the restaurant itself has a really cool vibe to it.  asian fusion meets dark wood?  i dont know how to explain it, but its a beautiful restaurant perfect for a romantic dinner, dinner w/ girlfriends, or even a business meeting.\u000a\u000ai like to sit out on the covered patio.  in fact the last time i was there, it poured rain and it was actually kind of romantic and cool to hear the rain.  \u000a\u000abut anyway the food...the food...  you're not going to leave stuffed but you will leave happy.  i love thier crispy tofu appetizer and miss it when i haven't had it in awhile the way some people miss their ex's.  i usually order the pad thai when here, it is delicious and balanced and not too salty.  if they have scallops on the menu, get those.  they're fantastic.\u000a\u000ai dont like chocolate, ever, at all--but their chocolate maki dessert is to die for.\u000a\u000asoba is not cheap, but i do think it's completely reasonable.  they've got a great wine list and the service is always great.
p197
aVbeer selection is pretty decent. they have lots of "sex in the city"-wannabe martinis to go w/ the "sex in the city"-wannabe crowd. but don't expect to run into some skinny b!tch in manolos. it's more in that "that's sooo my life" delusion way so common these days. \u000a\u000afood is okay, but i find it's kind of hit or miss depending on what you're ordering and what night it is. nothing stellar. one does not go here for the food rather the patio and the free bacon on tuesdays. service is also possibly very good or very bad. \u000a\u000ai actually don't even remotely hate this place. it's a fun place to be.
p198
aVi went here last night with a couple of friends befor watchin' the black and gold complete the almost annual boring task of wooping' on some brownie as* in cleveland.  we were seated upstairs at a great table upstairs facing ellseworth.  the view was great watching many of my fellow burghers' imbibe on a windy sunday afternoon.  the positive experience ended here.  well, maybe except for the humorous menu that made me smile.  the waitress was so below average, you know the type... she is doing you a favor by taking your order.  i had the pierogies appetizer which was flavorless potato filling served in a overcooked pasta shell served in vegetable oil with maybe one or two slices of onions.  come on!  this is pittsburgh. you should be ashamed.  then another server brought my burger and i made the unforgivable mistake of asking her to grab me another beer.  sorry, i know you are not the one who took my order, but you are bringing my food.  i've made this mistake before and usually the person says "okay, i'll let your server know", not "ummmm, i'm not serving you,, you'll have to talk to your server".  funny, i thought you might run into each other in the back.  anyways, the burger was close to inedible burnt to a crisp resembled a hockey puck.  we also tried the hummus which was pretty good.  i ordered a kettle one with cranberry and was brought absolut.  friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad.  they both said they were pretty good, if not a little dry.  then we had to wait 30 minutes to get our bill.  if they executed the food well and had at least average service i'd be back, however they don't and i won't.
p199
aVthey tell me it's global warming; but, i just don't want to get into a scientific/political debate about this. all i'll say is if global warming means i get these beautiful nights in early november, i don't know what the big deal is. ok, before i get flamed, i'll just continue with my review...\u000a\u000ai was fortunate enough to eat at harris grill on a beautiful night in early november. the temperature was just about perfect for a fall night to eat out on their patio. the outside seating gives a really nice atmosphere to wind down after a long day at work. now i know why people like coming here for happy hour. the inside has a nice lounge area, also good for getting to know your co-workers outside of the office structure. i give it a good solid 4 stars for the restaurant itself.\u000a\u000athe food is okay too. i had the lettuce pray - seared tuna and grilled peppers with lettuce to wrap it all in. i liked it; it was a nice small snack to accompany my beer. i did enjoy the entertaining menu names. the beer selection is not that big, but they have an ok variety to choose from.  for the food, i'll give it 2.5 stars because, although it wasn't bad, it also wasn't anything to remember. \u000a\u000a3 stars for harris grill. i would definitely recommend this place when you just want to go out on a casual fun night with friends. you can grab a drink, order something to nosh on, but you're really there to enjoy the company.
p200
aVexcellent vegetarian options, excellent beer selection, good non-vegetarian options, and an all-you-can-eat bacon night.  the wait staff is awesome, friendly, and knowledgeable.\u000a\u000athe average patron, unfortunately, isn't half as cool as the staff, and i avoid the mixed drinks, as the scotch and soda i had was just bad.  plus, there's an awesome patio, but it's the smoking section, unless that's changed.\u000a\u000asunday brunch is also designed to cure the common hangover, which isn't a bad plan.
p201
aVi can't believe this place hasn't gotten more 5 star reviews.  people!  this is as good as it gets...well at least when it comes to drinks and blackened chicken sandwiches (henny penny).  i've been to all sorts of places, pubs, restaurants, cities and tried variations of the henny penny and this is the ultimate in blackened chicken sandwiches.  \u000a\u000aoverall, i really like the vibe of this place.  it's totally unpretentious although it's in a very prententious part of the city.  the crowd is usually laid back and it's a great place to hang out with some friends, grab some drinks, and eat some killer food.  so what are you waiting for, get yourself a henny penny!
p202
aVatmosphere - downstairs was nice and cozy with the fireplace roaring. upstairs was a bit chilly and we were seated in front of a huge window overlooking ellsworth ave which was nice, but i was freezing in front of that window. \u000a\u000aservice was great. our waiter was very helpful and attentive, but not overly so. \u000a\u000afood was good. best greek salad ever, french fries and onion rings frozen and fried, my falafel was almost burnt, would have been delicious if taken out of the frier 3 minutes earlier and jb's italian hoagie got his seal of approval. \u000a\u000athe menu and attitude of the place is witty and fun, we'll be back for sure.
p203
aVi used to be a regular at harris grill until i moved a bit further away, but i still try to return for the i can haz bacon cheesburger and bacon night. where else can you go on a tuesday and order a side of bacon with your meal?\u000a\u000awhile harris isn't the only place in pittsburgh where you can get your drinks delivered to you by a cute hipster waitstaff, it certainly has one of the widest & best beer selections in the city. i've also heard tell that the frozen cosmos are quite good.
p204
aVmmm not too happy with my recent experience at harris grill. i visit ellsworth ave plenty and i have been to harris grill on numerous occasions. after working all day, and driving 2 hours to get home i was a little grumpy and wanting a good drink.\u000a\u000amy two friends and i decided on the sangria. i've had it on numerous occasions and it can really hit the spot. the waiter suggested the caraf but hb warned us saying that they stuff it full of ice. the waiter insured us we would get around a glass and a half. we bypassed hb and ordered the caraf. upon arrival we knew it was no bueno! the caraf was heaping full of fruit on the top followed by way too much ice. our serving glasses also were heaped with the stuff even though we had asked for lite ice. i asked the waiter to pour for us bc i knew sangria was going everywhere. we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail. we all told the waiter that it was pretty awful but he did nothing to correct the insult. never ever order the caraf!!\u000a\u000ato eat i had the pulled pork sandwhich and a side of mac n cheese. the flavor of the pulled pork was good and the pasta was delish. i will say the pork had some fatty bites that i didn't care for. all in all when the start of  a dining experience starts the way ours did it can be salvaged with the right customer care. ours wasn't plain and simple.
p205
aV5-star drinks, 2 star food.\u000a\u000alet's start with the bad. the food here is just all kinds of disappointing. first of all, their labyrinth of a menu. i understand that they are trying to be cute and witty by concealing the item descriptions within paragraph-long stories and forcing you to read them due to the completely nonsensical names they give to said items. i truly understand the concept behind this. but can i be the first to say...it's not cute! for the drink menu, fine. i'll admit to having a few laughs at their pg-13 drink encyclopedia. i'm not that cold-hearted. but when i'm hungry, the last thing i want to do is spend 20 minutes trying to decipher what my options are.\u000a\u000aclearly i have a vendetta against their obnoxious menu, but the real problem here is that the food is the definition of mediocre. i go here fairly often, so i've done a lot of hopping around their menu trying to build my go-to order. i still haven't figured it out, and it's at the point where if my friends want to grab food here, i'll make a point out of eating beforehand. plus, oh wow is this place overpriced! this was especially highlighted to me on a sunday morning when our bill came to $42 for brunch. not expensive, but the wheels started turning in my head...we just paid $42 for an appetizer, two entrees, and two bloodys, all of which were eh, passable. for exactly $6 more, we could have went down the street to casbah and had two appetizers, two entrees, and two much stronger bloodys, all of much higher quality.\u000a\u000athe reason i still come here though is the drinks. my favorite is the happy ending which involves pineapple juice, ginger, and cucumber. you really can't go wrong with anything though except for the statutory grape--if the name doesn't dissuade you enough, just heed my advice and don't order it. unless of course, you want to have flashbacks to that time you attempted to robotrip on dimetapp in middle school. memories!\u000a\u000ait's official, i am done with the food at harris grill. drinks only!!
p206
aVi eat at the harris grill at least once a week.  \u000a\u000atheir beer list is huge, the food is good, and with the exception of one server the service is fantastic.  if you go, see if you can sit in justin's section.  \u000a\u000athe harris is one of the few bars in pittsburgh open late night if you're looking for food.  while most area kitchens close at 11, the harris is open and serving until 1 am--full menu!\u000a\u000atuesday is bacon night and if you go for happy hour get there early, or be prepared to wait.  bacon and beer are fantastic together until you have that moment where you realized, "i've just had 15 pieces of bacon."  order another beer, you'll feel better about yourself.\u000a\u000apeople rave about the frozen cosmos and they're ok but not really my thing.  try the drink with the muddled cucumbers--it is fantastic.  \u000a\u000athey also have a good sunday brunch.  in the summer months its a buffet which i dont like as much as the regular, menu style brunch they have in colder months.  bloody mary's are half off after 2pm, so i often like to work out in the morning and then spend the afternoon having a "sunday funday."\u000a\u000athe food at the harris is generally good, but they change their menu a lot and while that can be a good thing i've found it frustrating as several of my favorite menu items ie shawshank redemption and the crawful of falaffel are no longer offered.  the food is somewhat consistent, although sometimes it is over seasoned.  i ordered the meatloaf once and it had so much rosemary in it i found it almost inedible--although my boyfriend tried it and loved it.  the delmonico a go go is so fatty i don't recommend it.  it's a good sandwich, but it owuld be better if they made it with different/better meat.  several times i've gone to order a menu item and they're out of it.  the staff is usually pretty good about letting you know what's off the menu ahead of time but sometimes you want to ask.\u000a\u000awhat the harris does well they do fantastic.  the lasagna, the burgers, the greek salad, the gazpacho, the fish tacos, the steak, the hummus-- all excellent.  try the gazpacho, it's excellent!\u000a\u000athe staff is fantastic.  i think the harris has the best bartenders in town.  if you get to know them, they'll take fantastic care of you.  even if htey don't know you, you can expect to get your drinks quickly, and your cocktails mixed correctly.\u000a\u000athis place can get expensive.  if you're drinking craft beers be careful bc your bill can creep up on you quickly.  it is, in my opinion, priced right for what you are getting.\u000a\u000athis is my favorite bar in pittsburgh and i hope you check it out if you havne't yet.  wait for the patio, it's worth it!
p207
aVmy friend suggested meeting up here for friday happy hour. though i trust her recommendations, i really wasn't anticipating that much. the name -- harris grill -- seemed a little ho-hum, and i was expecting your typical pittsburgh-type place with basic appetizers and lots of yuengling.\u000a\u000ahowever, as soon as i sat down, i knew this place was going to be different. first of all, it was packed! the cute little patio had lots of young professionals ranging in attire from girls in maxi dresses to guys wearing dress pants, button-ups, and ties. thankfully, one of my friends had arrived a few minutes before 5pm and secured the last available table on the patio. lots of local residents were taking advantage of the absolutely incredible weather to sit outside.\u000a\u000aafter quickly becoming intimidated by the enormous drink "book," i just took my friend's recommendation and ordered a frozen cosmo. wow! delicious!! it was the perfect blend of cold but not too icy and not too sweet but not too sour. i could drink these things every day! well, maybe not every day... because they pack a serious punch! i was warned not to order the additional shot when it was offered to me, and thankfully i heeded the warning. after two of these beverages, i was definitely tipsy! in my opinion, two of these little frozen cosmos pack the same amount of buzz as 3-4 glasses of wine.\u000a\u000ain addition to amazing frozen cosmos, i enjoyed trying their appetizers. the spinach dip and pita was tasty, and the pierogies, though very different from the pierogies that i have had in the past, were out-of-this-world good. i was tempted to order a second round of the pierogies but didn't want to appear gluttonous. \u000a\u000aservice was pretty good, especially considering how busy the restaurant was and how tightly we were packed onto the little patio. our waiter both resembled and acted like conan o'brien, which was just the icing on the cake of a great happy hour experience.\u000a\u000aand, finally, the check arrived. my jaw nearly fell on the floor. three of us girls drank 7 frozen cosmos and ate 3 appetizers... for $40. how is that even possible? if i had known in advance that the frozen cosmos were $3/each, i might have just chugged them and taken a cab home.\u000a\u000aneedless to say, i'll be back!
p208
aVi wish i could give this 4 stars as harris grill is one of my favorite spots in pittsburgh but the past two times i have been for brunch it has been less than par.  many things went wrong during my most recent brunch experience which include them running out of plates for the buffet and not being able to replenish the food fast enough.  once you waited for the food to be replenished (about 10-15 minutes) it was just average. the buffet had an omelet station, mac and cheese, waffles, potatoes, bacon, bagels, fruit and salad. i was disappointed that they did not have any pastry items.  i recommend going for happy hour as they have discounted draft beers and frozen cosmos-their specialty and they are delicious!  the food is normally excellent so i recommend trying this place for lunch or dinner.  if you want to try the brunch i suggest visiting during the winter when it is not a buffet and you can order off the menu. the frozen mimosas are so tasty!
p209
aVi have to say that i became a harris convert very early on. i moved a few blocks down on maryland and this became my mainstay while in shadyside. this is bar far the hippest restaurant in shadyside, and it has just enough quirk and a nice clientele to keep my faith in the typically snooty shadyside goers. the food here is great- with possibly the coolest menu in the city- and a few good vegetarian options to boot. the hummus is good, and the vegetarian chili is incredible. the beer selection and unique cocktails, while a bit expensive, are extensive. and leave room for dessert- the ice cream covered cookie thing is to die for, especially after a couple of drinks. the bartenders are great (except for a douchebag that i believe has recently left). harris boasts maybe the best brunch with amazing mimosas along with the buffet. in the summer months there is a chef that makes your omelettes however you want them right in front of you. try the frozen cozmos- i have had some crazy nights off of those.
p210
aVsooo...i ended up here last fri. night at around 10:30 after a total customer service fail at another bar downtown that shall remain unnamed (see my bad customer service list if you must know...)  my friend and i had just finished crawling the art galleries downtown, and were in the mood for some libations and grub.\u000a\u000awe started off with some drinks.  upon opening the drink menu, i was struck by its length and breadth.  i was initially tempted by the lavender-lemon concoction, but ultimately decided to go with a white russian, since i'd never had one before and my lab manager had talked them up, and i enjoy my drinks sweeter as the night goes on.  it was a nice little drink--very smooth and strong, and i enjoyed the blending of the vanilla and coffee liqueur.  the best part, however, was the graham cracker crumbs on the rim!  my friend went with the painkiller, a favorite of his.  i had a sip, and it was also quite good, even though it involved coconut and i'm not usually much of a fan of coconut flavor.  later on, he also ordered a beer (forget which kind) and a shot of yellow cake (he explained that this is a tradition because [insert backstory involving hung-over friends here]), whereas the white russian was sufficient to quench my alcoholic thirst for the evening (i'm a lightweight when it comes to drinking).\u000a\u000ain terms of food, we ordered the large plain macaroni and cheese.  (he doesn't eat much seafood, and i don't eat beef, which precluded all of the other options.)  given that i'm a mac and cheese connoisseur, and that another friend recommended the mac here, i was excited to try it.  when it came out, it looked quite attractive, with interesting noodles and a sprinkling of bread crumbs on top (i'm a fan of bread crumbs on my mac).  while the flavor of the cheese was pleasant, the cheese:noodle ratio was way too low, to the point that i ended up scraping the plate to get enough of it to cover my noodles. this should never happen with a quality mac and cheese!  even my friend, who'd had the side dish mac and cheese before, said he thought the cheese was lacking in quantity.\u000a\u000abecause there wasn't any seating available on the patio, we were seated inside the door to the left, against the wall between the hallway and the bar.  the lighting was pretty dim, which made it a bit hard to see.  the atmosphere was definitely casual, and service was acceptable (though perhaps could have been a bit more attentive).  for the items listed above, we spent $50 + tip, which seems a bit steep.  if i were to return, i'd try to come during happy hour, since they have some nice deals on drinks and food.  3.5 stars.\u000a\u000aedit: i think the lack of cheesiness in the mac and cheese that i received was a fluke, based on reports from friends and the owner's comment (see below).  i'll have to come back another time to resample it--if i do, i'll update my review accordingly.
p211
aVi ate here last night.  there are aspects of the space that i really appreciated such as the stone walls and artwork.  it's very cozy and seems like a nice escape from the hustle of walnut, however it is so freakin' loud.  i usually don't mind the noise in restaurants in fact i don't recall ever commenting on the sound factor, but this place is reallly loud.  i guess there's good and bad with loudness.  the bad is obvious, but the noise and close quarters does paradoxically provide a level of privacy, because the tables are so close together that if it weren't loud your neighbor could here every detail of your conversation.  the service was excellent.  the place was packed not an empty seat in the house.  our waitress was efficient and didn't seem intrusive.  we ordered a bottle of a very reasonably priced white wine.  i think around $45 for the bottle.  it was delicious and paired well with the food.  i was a little surprised that the bread was cold and i think they could be a little bit more creative with the butter or dips that are paired with the bread.  they could take a lesson from jonathan at alla famiglia.  my friend ordered a very delicious looking salad.  she said it was very good.  i'm not much of a salad guy, but i can pretty much tell how the rest of the courses are going to taste after looking at the salad.  this one had many great ingredients outside of your average lettuce, tomato, etc.. i ordered the escarole and beans instead of the salad.  they were quite good.  i really liked the sauce and the greens were delicious.  a little parmigian to top off the dish was perfect.  i ordered the small size and i could have ate it as an entree'.  i had the salmon and risotti for my entree'.  the salmon was cooked perfectly and the risotto was pretty good, but i've certainly had better.  the flavors didn't stand out as much as i would have liked.  my friend ordered a ravioli with cream sauce and peas.  she said it was delicious and i sampled and concurred.  the pasta was cooked perfectly.  this is a good spot.  i'd give it 3.5 stars if i could instead of 3.
p212
aVexcellent italian food.  very cozy - not a place where you want to have a business dinner, but go if you have some close friends and you don't mind yelling over the table.  the food is fantastic - any of their raviolis will do.  service is attentive, and their pastas come with soup or a hefty salad.  reasonable prices, given the quality.
p213
aVgirasole is a small italian restaurant off walnut street that serves up decent italian food.  i've only been to girasole during dinnertime, with my last visit being last night.  most patrons appear to be late 20's/early 30's to older patrons in the late 40's/early 50's as well as some college students here and there.  the restaurant itself is pretty cramped and ridiculously loud.  tables are close together and patrons are all basically shouting to talk to each other or awkwardly sitting in silence.  i'm a loud guy who's at college and loud noises typically don't bother me, but something about the acoustics of the room... noises just bounce around instead of getting absorbed and the metal tables don't help either.  anyways, on with the food.\u000a\u000atheir menu is seasonal with slight changes in their pasta throughout the year.  everyday they have a fresh poultry, a fresh fish, and a fresh meat of the day.  their fresh fish was a grilled mako shark, but alas they were out for the night already (we got there before 6:30 pm).  all entrees come with a choice of soup or salad.  i ended up ordering their house ribeye medium rare along with a cup of their wedding soup.\u000a\u000awhile we waited, we munched on bread from their bread basket.  butter comes with the bread, but they also have balsamic and olive oil at each table too.\u000a\u000athe wedding soup was pretty good; it wasn't overly salty and there was a reasonably amount of sausage.  i picked soup over their salad because my past experience with their salads are that they are swimming in dressing and i don't like my salads soggy.\u000a\u000athe ribeye came topped with a pesto, diced tomatoes and served with roasted potatoes.  it was cooked to medium as opposed to medium rare, but for a steak under $30 bucks i'm not going to make a big deal out of it.  the pesto was flavorful but the roasted potatoes were a bit overcooked.  the steak itself had a beautiful char and cooked well as a medium steak.\u000a\u000ai've had their pasta in the past and they're of pretty good quality and cooked perfectly, but the portions have gotten smaller over time and i don't think the $3-5 dollar upcharge from the lunch menu is really worth it for dinner anymore.\u000a\u000ai would probably recommend lydia's over girasole, but it might be worth a shot for lunch when it won't be as loud and there probably wouldn't be a wait either.
p214
aVvery very nice small italian restaurant . seating is very limited but food and service are wonderful . my only small complaint is the price for a bottle of wine is a little pricey . they should make at least several bottles a bit more reasonable .
p215
aVoooooh the lamb shank! my mouth waters just by the thought of it. i have eaten there quite a few times, and their dinner specials are amazing. usually very reasonably priced under $20 and huge portions. besides, the girasole salad with chicken is one of my all time favorite salads. it's also a cozy little place for a friendly dinner. not one of your romantic restaurants though, because it is small and gets loud. make reservations ahead.
p216
aVwhat is there to say about girasole? an italian owner who wanders around the restaurant (often with a glass of wine) greeting friends and customers and kibitzing with staff; a friendly staff; and fantastic food. seriously, the food is great. order anything on the menu & you won't be disappointed.\u000a\u000athe best part about girasole, though, is the intimate indoor & outdoor atmosphere & the wine. pours are generous, and there's a fantastic selection to choose from. if you're having difficulty, your server will be happy to help you, too (ask for ryan). did i mention the wine? seriously, the pours are generous, and if you must bring your own, bring a lot, because the corking fee is very reasonable.
p217
aVlove this place!  it's right off of walnut and very tiny, and usually packed.  they have a decent wine selection and the food is excellent.  i recently had the house salad and the spinach ricotta ravioli (yum!).  everything was excellent and couldn't be more satisfied.  service was quick, even though the place was jammed.  don't expect any privacy in this place as they can really pack the people into the limited space.  the owner is a very personable older italian-american gentleman, that is always walking around, sometimes with a glass of wine, which to me, just completes the ambience of this place.  love it!
p218
aVi ate here last night with a dining partner.   having read many of the reviews on this site we went early on a tuesday evening and were seated in one of only two empty tables.  we had thought about getting reservations but the hours that came with my gift card said no reservations.  the decor of the restaurant was very nice. they had copper tables in a cramped type of environment that is very european.\u000a\u000awe decided to forgo appetizers this day and instead got drinks.  i had something that resembled a manhattan while my dining partner had the bellini and both were good.  since my dining partner and i both ordered entrees we were served with a dinner salad.  it was one of the nicer salads that i have had with gorgonzola, sunflower seeds and chick peas amongst the greens and a nice vinaigrette paired with it.  for dinner i had the pumpkin ravioli while my dining partner had the porcini gnocchi.  the pumpkin ravioli was absolutely delicious although only receiving 5 for the price that was paid was a bit disappointing.  the gnocchi was much more substantial though and just as tasty.  for dessert we had the lemon cake which was fantastic and came with fresh raspberries and blackberries as a garnish.  when all was said and done it was by far some of the best food that i have tasted recently and all of my concerns from previous posts were undone with the service being great and having no wait for our table.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that this restaurant had wonderful food and not too high of a price point and i will definitely be back.  i would recommend that you go early on a weekday though as the seating is very limited.
p219
aVwhat a production! i don't even know where to start...\u000a\u000athe place is small.  they didn't lie to me when i made the reservation.  of course we had to pick the busiest day and time, saturday at 7pm.  the nice lady on the phone told me a reservation helps but we may still have to wait.  i did appreciate that tip from her.  \u000a\u000asure enough, we showed up and it's packed!  the unfortunate thing is it was cold, so eating on their patio was not going to happen.  therefor, people cram into what tiny space is allowed in the front.  but when i say tiny, i really mean no space at all.  an older man pretty much barked orders at us and demanded to know if we had a reservation.  thank god we did, i was a little scared of him when he ran off muttering about no seating in you ain't got reservations.  \u000a\u000aso the first table of the restaurant is thee worst, because people are standing on top of you jealously staring down at you and your food.  of course we ended up with that table!  thankfully, our server and anyone else helping out was extremely friendly and helpful and made us feel comfortable.  \u000a\u000awe started with the mussels app.  it came in a light garlic sauce and was a good amount of mussels.  i'd say they were pretty tasty and i loved dipping the bread into the sauce.  the bread actually became my best companion that night... more on that later!\u000a\u000ai ordered the gnocchi with tomato sauce and mozz cheese.  i love when italian restaurants dump the sauce on and this was a winner.  i love sauce!  i know some people aren't into that, so i'll warn you if you like light sauce, you won't be happy.  after having gnocchi at il pizzaiolo in south hills earlier that week (i know, i'm on an italian kick!) it didn't hold a candle to those light little pillows of pasta and potato.  the sauce though, delicious!  \u000a\u000amuch to my husbands chagrin, i had a hard time keeping myself from grabbing his plate!  he had the spinach and ricotta ravioli, which i didn't have have a bite of... but the sauce.... oh my!  orgasmic!  i love tomato cream sauce and this was amazing!  i kept dipping my bread into his sauce, with him increasingly getting annoyed.  did i want to risk a fight for that delicious sauce... maybe!!  it was soooo good!  \u000a\u000abut the real action took place as we were finishing up our meal.  i had noticed the older dude/owner walking around with a glass of red wine the whole time.  i thought that he was pretty rude, but kinda funny, in a typical italian way.  well, i start to sense a commotion beside me and realize the owner and a server are in a heated convo.  then the older dude screams "get outta here you f*%& a@#hole!" and then shoves him!  whoa!!  \u000a\u000ai was shocked a boss would do that to an employee.  come to find out it's his son.  a woman, who i assume was also part of management (maybe even a family member!), came over to our table and apologized, joked this was normal italian behavior and offered us free dessert.  i thought that was really nice of her and and appreciated.   \u000a\u000ai just feel bad because those kind of things take down a business.  the good was great, but witnessing that, you wonder how long you can work like that.  hopefully the dude can retire to a nice italian villa with lots of wine instead of screaming at his son in the middle of his restaurant!
p220
aVi've been meaning to try girasole for at least three years. finally got around to it tonight as we were looking for a nice patio dining experience on what is presumably one of the last warm autumn evenings of the year. the patio is somewhat tight, but pleasant -- we were able to get seated within a few minutes. it's on a side street to walnut, so it's quiet and appears to be non-smoking which is a huge plus.\u000a\u000athe entrées (pumpkin ravioli and grilled chicken with gnocchi) were delicious, as were the appetizer salads. they have a decent italian wine menu, and a selection of mixed drinks too. overall, we had a good experience, although the servers seemed rushed and this made the experience somewhat less pleasant.
p221
aVi came here with a friend for dunch (is that a thing?) before heading out to a show at the first niagara pavilion on sat.  given that we arrived shortly after 4pm, i doubted this place would be busy--and it wasn't--which worked out perfectly, in light of this place's size and popularity during normal dinner hours on the weekend.\u000a\u000abased on the recommendation of my labmate and other yelpers, i ordered the spinach and ricotta ravioli, and it didn't disappoint.  the pasta was perfectly tender without being mushy, and the filling was savory and delicious.  as rachel c. pointed out in her review, this place is quite generous with the sauce, which is great because this was the best part of the dish!  it was a tomato cream sauce that was delicious in its own right, but that complemented the savoriness of the ravioli fillings well.  after finishing my raviolis, i asked for some more bread and used it to sop up the remainder of the sauce.  my dish also came with the girasole salad--a tossed salad dressed with sunflower seeds (how cute, in light of the meaning of the restaurant's name!)--that served as a great appetizer to the meal.  about the only part of my meal that wasn't noteworthy was the bread, which was fine, but just your standard italian bread.\u000a\u000asince he wasn't as hungry as me, my dining companion ordered the bruschetta, which also came with a salad.  it wasn't your standard bruschetta, however--it consisted of what looked like chopped squash with prosciutto on toasted flatbread.  i'm not sure how much he enjoyed it, since he left a fair amount of the squash and prosciutto on his plate.  however, i wouldn't count this as a strike against the dish or the restaurant, since he can be a pretty picky eater.  i didn't taste the bruschetta in its entirety, so i can't pass my own judgment on it, unfortunately.\u000a\u000aas others have mentioned, the dining area is definitely small and intimate, and the tables are quite close to one another.  however, this wasn't a problem for us since the restaurant was only about 1/3 full when we were dining, due to being there on an off hour.  we really liked the ambience, which i'd describe as rustic but classy, and it didn't feel like basement dining even though it was.  the waitstaff all seemed quite jovial with one another, which was fun to observe.  i have no complaints about the service we received.\u000a\u000aoverall, we had a nice experience here, and would definitely return.  given the popularity of this place, if you want to avoid some of the problems mentioned in other reviews due to the small space, i'd recommend going for lunch or during an off time.  this is definitely one of the better italian restaurants i've eaten at thus far in pgh, so if you're in the mood for this type of food, give it a try!
p222
aVsome of the best breakfast you'll find.  the crepe pancakes are unique and good.  everything comes in large-but-reasonable portions, and everything is reasonably priced.  the service is fast and friendly.  the line is understandably long at times.\u000a\u000athe secret to the crepe pancakes, and the potatoes, is a *lot* of butter and/or oil.  they aren't really very healthy choices.  pamela's only has mixed fruit jelly for some reason, as something tasty doesn't fit the budget?  \u000a\u000athat said, you don't order fried potatoes and pancakes as health foods, and one can forgive them the mixed fruit.  5 stars, because you're not going to find a better breakfast-only place.
p223
aVi live a few blocks from pamela's and each time that i walk by on the weekends there seems to be quite a few people waiting (and others have raved) so had been wanting to try it for a while. after waiting 30-45  minutes on a saturday morning for brunch, i wasn't that impressed. it is cheap, the service is fast and they serve ample buttery portions of diner food. if you're not hungover, i hope you have a good reason for going. you might as well just eat some grease and rub it all over your face.
p224
aVpamela's is great.  the pancakes are crêpe-like, crispy on the edges, and still have a pancake flavor.  sometimes though, the pancakes can be a little too greasy.  this place gets packed, so if you don't come right at 9am on the weekends, be prepared to wait.  also, it's cash only, but there are plenty of atms in the area.
p225
aVthis pamela's has a much different environment than the one in oakland. this had a much more intimate feel and was a lot smaller and less "diner" -esque. \u000a\u000athe morning after breakfast special was pretty good with 2 large hotcakes (important sidenote: if a pancake and a crepe had children i would imagine this is what their child would look like, the outside and edges are crispy but it's thick enough to be considered a pancake). the eggs were also of epic proportions but the bacon was quite scarce. a measly two and a half pieces...\u000a\u000athe jumbo tossed salad was built for a king - it was brought out in the large mixing bowl that they tossed that sucker in. i asked for cheddar and dressing on the side and it was quite scrumptious.
p226
aVok, i get it. brunch is amazing. sunday brunch is more amazing after a late night on saturday. and i wholeheartedly agree that the food here is good- (how can you mess up brunch?). however, this branch on shadyside is a nightmare to go to on the weekends. it takes forever to get a table here every time. there are mounds of people that line up on walnut street to get a table. after spending the time outside, any food they offer you will sound amazing because your stomach is growling so loudly. objectively, the food here is good and the dinner decor has a lot of character. however, i stopped going here a long time ago when i discovered that harris grill brunch is much more hearty and the wait will at least be half an hour less.
p227
aVi definitely had a favorable first time here last night. piper's pub is a british pub, with all the goodies. i had the scottish eggs and it was pretty good. i've never had scottish eggs, but i imagine that they were authentic and delicious. i didn't love them that much, but i could definitely appreciate what they were - hard boiled eggs wrapped in sausage dipped in hot sauce. around the table, my party had: ground lamb and chestnut shepherd's pie - it was not typical but really really good, some sandwiches - they were decent sized platters. i'm definitely going back there to try more food.\u000a\u000apiper's pub brings the best of unhealthy british foods for our consumption.
p228
aVthis is an excellent pub that for some reason i never go to.  i was here on saturday and was really happy with the people i met at the bar and the staff was outstanding.  the pub itself is quite nice.  it has tin ceilings, copper bar (i think), plenty of plasmas, booths in the back, and a few hi tops scattered about.  i was really impressed with the whiskey selection listing even a japanese option.  they also a premium bottled beer selection and plenty of draught options.  i started with guiness, but then was intrigued by the cask option because i rarely see cask conditioned ale's in this town except for church brew works.  the cask condition was some type of winter ale.  it was good if a little too sweet for me.  i wasn't that hungry, but we did order a couple appetizers.  i ordered the ploughmans platter (cheese platter) and ordered the artichoke and red pepper dip.  i wouldn't have chosen this dip, but she seemed to like it.  it was okay i guess.  the portion was huge the dip was warm and had a decent flavor, but it seemed a little too greasy for my liking.  it was served with bread that could have been warmed up a bit.  the cheese platter was pretty good.  it was served with a delicious apple chutney, fruit and a  few gherkins.  there were two cheeses.  i think they were both chedder. one was flavored with guinness and i'm not sure what the other one was, but it was green and i actually preferred the green cheese.  overall this is a really good pub, with super friendly patrons, and a staff that's spot on.  i'll be back.
p229
aVmeh.  i'm probably spoiled by the rover in louisville and from working in the uk, but i was underwhelmed by piper's.  \u000a\u000aambiance: they stole the interior of a denny's to make the place - lots of plywood on the walls in a cheap attempt to simulate wood paneling, and lots of vinyl seating.  kinda looks like no one involved in decorating this place has ever seen a picture of a scottish pub.  hey, i recognize that it's the closest you'll get in pittsburgh, but that doesn't mean you get points for doing a good job.  if you're running a faux-scottish/english/welsh/irish pub, the ambience is half of the game.  the rest of the it is having good beers and reasonably cheap, hearty comfort food/pub fare.  (heads up for my review of the food: they fail that part, too.)\u000a\u000an.b. they don't put english mustard in the tacky beer carton of condiments on the table; i had to ask for it.  (i should've asked for brown sauce (hp sauce) just to see if they had any.  i'm betting not.)\u000a\u000afood:  the entree (toad-in-the-hole) tasted okay, but it was drowned in canned/instant gravy.  i'm happy there's a place here that serves toad-in-the-hole, but it's hardly worth the $16 they charge for it.  (come on!  it's just four sausages buried in yorkshire pudding.  it's easier to make than a burger; there's no way it should be over $10.)  the scotch eggs, at a more reasonable $8, were way overcooked, i.e., burned, and they serve them with texas pete hot sauce instead of english mustard.  \u000a\u000aservice: so-so - the usual, slightly unfriendly service that's the norm for pittsburgh, but i wouldn't say it was bad.  the hostess was friendly.
p230
aVcaveat:  i'm not a huge fan of irish pubs.  irish pub food is generally uninteresting to me, and the food usually looks like dull glop on a plate.  not so at piper's pub.  i went for sunday brunch ~2pm, and the place wasn't at most half full.  they have a great beer selection with a rotating list of good micros, & a special sunday menu.  \u000a\u000awe went for scotch eggs & the smoked salmon boxty.  the eggs took some time but my guess is that they were prepared fresh.  they were good...but i wasn't blown away.  nothing against pipers, i just don't think they're my style.  interesting though.  \u000a\u000athe salmon boxty...it was amazing.  when i go back, i'll likely get the same thing...unlike me, but too delicious to pass up.  it's more than filling so don't order anything besides an appetizer, or you'll feel like a fat kid.  think of it as a potato/egg omelette...or just look it up on wikipedia for better description.  seriously though, get it.  your life may be changed forever.\u000a\u000aalso make sure to follow them on twitter; they always announce their daily specials & newest beers on tap.
p231
aVpiper's pub is truly worth the hype! i am in love with food "from across the pond" and have had a difficult time finding a place that accurately portrays the differences between americanized and genuine english cuisine. i had a very difficult time picking just one entree to eat from the extensive menu, after all, who could pick a favorite child from a full brood. this was also one of the few places within the past year that i actually got excited over trying. the server is very witty, loves his job, had answers to any questions we had, and is irish. love that accent! \u000a\u000athe scotch eggs (i won't describe this palate teaser as many reviewers below describe them accurately) were amazing! our server explained that they are also served for breakfast with maple syrup. i so badly want to try this breakfast staple and maybe catch a football game (aka soccer to us yanks) . \u000a\u000ai ordered the "toad in a hole" as described on the menu : four fresh local bangers (english sausage) in yorkshire pudding baked golden brown and covered in our jameson onion gravy. i can't even find the words to describe how tasty this was! i even had to take some of this home to finish later. the best way to describe the baked yorkshire pudding is like the thin dough used to wrap a hot dog when making pigs in a blanket, light and airy and crispy. darren ordered the shepard's pie with lamb, and omg, as a shepherd's pie lover, this was the best i have ever tasted! i can't wait to go back and try more things! when asked about the unique flavors, our server told us the chef uses sage to flavor the bangers and shepherd's pie. i think i want to name my first daughter sage!
p232
aVthey've really got their shiz together!  i can't complain about a single thing!  the service was a+.  completely attentive and extremely friendly.  food was excellent!  \u000a\u000ai hadn't been to pipers in a while so i felt like i needed another visit to properly review the place.  i got super excited about going there when i tried their guinness stew at an event last week so i was set on ordering that because it was so delicious, even in a buffet style!  but then at the last minute changed my mind, being tempted by the lamb and smoked chestnut shepherd's pie.  it was so savory!  the scottish ale gravy was so thick and tasty and those crispy potatoes on top?  it was like icing on top of a delicious cake!  i am not one to forget about the sweet things in life, but this was such a hearty meal that there was no way i could have eaten dessert after such a hearty meal.  \u000a\u000anow i can't wait to go back and sample some more delicious meals and have a nice english ale to boot!
p233
aVexcellent irish pub. great beer selection and great food, including weekend brunch.  unfortunately i went in the middle of a soccer game and apparently this is where all the soccer fans in pittsburgh go to watch!  so i had to wait over an hour for a table but it was worth it.  i was a little frustrated people were just sitting at the tables not ordering anything to watch the game while my friend and i were actually there to order food, but it seemed to be a special event and probably not typical.  awesome scotch eggs and boxty.  the atmosphere is also your typical irish pub.
p234
aVi came here for brunch a week or so ago and was pleasantly surprised! the options were diverse and everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  i ordered the french toast, which was a quite a large portion and prepared quite well.  i would highly recommend piper's if you're on the southside looking for brunch.
p235
aVi came here after reading that piper's pub serves cask ales. the beer menu is a little confusing; the cask ale was listed at the top followed by a group of four ales followed by a larger group of options. it wasn't clear why the menu was segregated the way it was, but the number of options was quite impressive; however, i was disappointed that they did not have tennent's considering that piper's is supposed to be a scottish pub.\u000a\u000ai ended up trying the duck-rabbit milk stout. the stout didn't seem to have very strong chocolate malts which is what i look for when ordering a stout. (the rating i am awarding piper's pub does not reflect how i feel about the stout). when the stout was served it had absolutely no head; i understand piper's prides itself on not having sparklers, but stouts should be served with a small head.\u000a\u000aas for food i ordered chicken fingers. again, i was disappointed not to see haggis - a staple of scottish cuisine. the chicken fingers were fine; however, not that i have read a few of the yelp review, i will be more inclined to order a british dish next time. the menu did not indicate that the british (predominantly english) dishes were the house's specialty.\u000a\u000aon the positive side, our waitress was very attentive.  i will certainly give piper's another chance during which i will order a british dish and a cask or lighter draught ale.
p236
aVwe visited on a recent sunday afternoon.  we got a cozy booth in the back and was greeted right away by our friendly server.  everyone here is very welcoming.  bj was very excited by the beer selection.  \u000a\u000ahaving absolutely no sense of adventure here, i opted for the shrimp and chips.  they were surprising good, 6 super big beer-battered shrimp served with yummy french fries.  i loved my meal.  the ever most adventuresome bj ordered corned beef and cabbage.  it was perfected cooked, the cabbage was the correct about of doneness.  yes, i sampled bj's meal.  \u000a\u000awe shared a bread pudding for dessert.  it was made from italian bread.  it was served overly hot, but it was delicious.  we will definitely be back for another try.
p237
aVauthentic pub, good eats, good drinks, televisions with soccer, rugby, and pittsburgh sports.  \u000a\u000aopens stupidly early on weekends, so that they can catch european sports live.  when they're open early on weekends, they have a terrific brunch; please, please, please try the boxty brunch here.  (fried hashbrown potato pancake stuffed with other delicious foods.)\u000a\u000aone of the best bars in the city; if i was picking a top-five, this would be in.
p238
aVi have fond memories of pipers i hold dear the way people hold dear fond memories of sunday dinner at their grandma's house.\u000a\u000athis is the first place i had really good scotch.  that's not something you forget.  if you dont know anything about scotch, and you want to have scotch, come here.  the bartender will help you out.  laophroiag is my favorite.\u000a\u000athe food here is also really good.  i usually get the ploughman's platter as an entree, i love the cheese and the chutney is quite excellent.  the shepherd's pie is also good, as are the salads.\u000a\u000athere's often a wait for tables here, so plan to have a pint or so at the bar.  they have a good beer selection. \u000a\u000awhen i come here, its either to specifically eat dinner here, or to start pre gaming here and then head out.  its a bit of a mellow atmosphere, and i really like it.
p239
aVthis is one of my favorites in pittsburgh. \u000a\u000athe food is always consistently good and the seasonal specials and brunch are worth a trip. \u000a\u000asome of my favorites include the chicken and waffles on the brunch menu and the current seasonal special of baked brie or goat cheese stuffed poblano peppers. the sunday supper is also great. \u000a\u000aall of the staff is friendly and helpful and the drinks are always flowing. i will be back many times!
p240
aVso...  i usually only eat in the sushi bar/bar area because i am not into the whole hibachi thing.  this place is usually very busy for happy hour, so if you just want to eat and not worry about a crowd, try a different place or come at a different time.  otherwise, it can be amusing to people watch here.  \u000a\u000apersonally, i come for the sushi.  ever since my friend introduced me to the hanalei roll, i can't resist it.  shrimp tempura, cream cheese, some other stuff, then tempura batter fried.  tastes so much better than it sounds, worth the $14 price tag (if done right) as it is double the standard sized roll.  the other rolls are all decent and the sashimi servings are huge.  if you are on a first date, beware - the pieces of sushi are so gigantic that you'll either 1) look like a pig stuffing it all into your mouth or 2) risk having the entire piece fall apart all over you as you try to daintily take normal bite sizes out of the sushi-piece.  you decide whether you will go for option 1 or 2!  oh, and just say no to the tempura appetizer.  it's not tempura, that would actually be japanese style.  no, what you will get if you order the tempura is american-style beer-battered shrimp and 3 pieces of vegetables, all for 11 bucks.  blech.\u000a\u000aservice is always a bit shoddy in the bar area, but to be fair, that place gets crazy busy.  so...  food, 4; service 2-3 depending on the night and business; atmosphere, 3.  but hey, if you just want that busy happy hour scene, this is a place to go to!  p.s.  parking can be a pain.  it's carson in the southside, what do you expect?
p241
aVi go here a few times a month, mostly because i think the bar scene is probably one of the most fun in pittsburgh.   it gets pretty crowded especially on the weekends, but the staff does a good job especially after you go there a few times and they know who you  are.  it's the only place i know of in pittsburgh that on any given day (even a monday or tuesday) there will be a good crowd at the bar with a higher girl to guy ratio than the usual dudefest at most bars.  the hibachi is better than most.  it's definitely better than benihana, but probably not as good as shogun in monroeville.  the only thing i don't like about the hibachi (or any hibachi) is that after the meal you smell like a diner short order cook because of the oil from the grill.  the other menu items are pretty average at best.  the marinated beef tips and chicken lettuce wraps are okay appetizers.  the edaname is pretty hard to mess up and the miso soup is about average.  the sushi is awful.  i mean i guess the rolls are edible, but you can hide the quality by adding a lot of junk to cover up the flavor.  the sashimi (whish is really all that i order) i found to be really poor quality and the way it was sliced was not at all how sashimi should be sliced.  i really don't understand how this place wins best overall restaurant and best sushi  in pittsburgh.  it really makes no sense.  most of the people i know agree that the hibachi is good, but overall the restaurant isn't that good and the sushi not good at all.  however, i have a  friend who is one of the chefs assures me that the quality of ingredient is good.  overall, i suggest if you eat here the hibachi is pretty good and fun if  you are having a sit down dinner.  if you are eating at the bar try to stick to the edamame or maybe one of the appetizers mentioned.  i strongly suggest staying away from the sushi, but if you  must stick to the most basic of rolls (california roll, etc.).  in fact, if you are not sitting down for hibachi go eat at dish on the same street and head to nakama only for the bar.
p242
aVit's interesting that one of the most crowded restaurants in the south side (possibly, all of pittsburgh?) has such bad ratings on yelp. i think yelpers have it right in the case. nakama totally did not live up to the hype for me. i had the hibachi and it was just mediocre. the chef / entertainer wasn't even that good - no cool tricks and he didn't even try throwing food in my mouth. the place was so loud that there is no way you can have a decent conversation if you come with a group of people. and, i swear they celebrated 10 birthdays during the hour we were dining there. they have this irritating gong that they bring out. you can't hear the guy next to you, but you will hear every birthday dinner that night. \u000a\u000aa bunch of my co-workers like nakama's sushi bar, so when i get a chance to try it, i'll update my review. until then, i'm not quickly planning my next nakama outing.
p243
aVthis place has been a favorite of mine since it opened.  no need to go to benihana's ever again!  it's locally owned right in the heart of the hip south side area.  you'll definitely need a reservation for most nights of the week as it is always busy.  you may pay for the ambiance but it's definitely worth it for the food.  for drinks try the key lime pie martini, for an app try the hawaiian roll and for the habachi try the filet mignon or tuna steak.  they melt in your mouth!  added bonus, if it's your birthday you bang on a large gong!
p244
aVif you are looking for the twenty something see be seen crowd, this is where they mingle. my group considers this place a birthday celebratory location. special occasion= a fire show...indeed! they have sushi and the quintessential hibachi grill chefs performing wild antics as they prepare your dinner. these guys know what they're doing and they are some of the best around. shrimp slinging into my mouth...goal!\u000a\u000athe specialty cocktails are ginormous with all the fixings, pineapple, cherries, and hawaiian umbrellas galore. nakama panda anyone?  i get drunk just looking at them, yes they are too sweet and i feel like i have been transported to the magical world of the smurfs as i sip the comical bright blue drink! \u000a\u000apicture a night out with your friends, eight to ten of you surrounding a steel table with a wooden ledge to perch at as you are served a nakama salad with ginger dressing and greens. the dressings are always so tart. next a small bowl of nakama onion soup with mushrooms. i like the hibachi shrimp fried rice with the sauces to dip my "shkrimps."  the food is common for this type of place so nothing exceptional. entrees start at around $20. at least one person in the party has to get hibachi or no fireworks! as the meal is cooking blasts of fire warm your face as you munch and drink up the starters. at some point food will be thrown at your face! \u000a\u000afinally the pièce de résistance, happy birthday singers with your birthday sunday complete with sprinklers and fan fare. (note that you have to purchase this in advance or you just get a boring scoop of ice cream) enter giant gong..."gong!!"  you're done! out to the southside street you go to get loud and continue the party!
p245
aVgood fresh sushi. get the appetizers if you can. we had the seared ny strip, which was delicious and $9.99 for quite a large portion of steak. the crab fritters were pretty good and crab-y if you are in the mood for something fried and not soaking in oil. we didn't do the hibachi, but the sushi was good. the toro jalapeno roll was pretty creative. the food is not overpriced for the whole package. yes it is a bit "uppity" if you mean no one is really wearing their xxl steelers shirt and the servers and patrons actually care what they look like. it is not a place to get a $5 roll.
p246
aVover rated, over priced and always crowded.
p247
aVif you're into the whole hibachi thing and the whole doing copious amounts of sake bombs thing, nakama can definitely be fun. but i feel like i'm kind of burned out on hibachi since you're basically paying out the ass for "the experience." i have been to a couple birthday parties here and had a good time, though.\u000a\u000aas far as the sushi bar goes, this is one of the better sushi places in pittsburgh. the fish is pretty fresh. but i feel like it's way overpriced if you just want to come here for sushi rather than hibachi. nakama is in no way trying to be authentic--they have a large list of special rolls and most of them contain cream cheese or crabstick (two things i dislike, which limits my options here). my favorite thing i've had here is the salmon sashimi with avocado, cucumber, wasabi tobiko, and ponzu sauce, which i tried on a recent lunch visit.\u000a\u000aunfortunately, once night falls the atmosphere straight-up sucks. this is the hot spot for guidos to pregame before they head to diesel or wherever else those people hang out. the drinks are what you would expect--boring, but fruity and easy to drink. like i said, you can have an amazing time here if you bring your whole crew and are looking to get tipsy. but if you're not in the mood for a trashy night out, stay far away!
p248
aVnakama tries to be very trendy, but i have experienced much better sushi for a better price.  still, the sushi is better than many people claim.  i had very good service here.  and there is some great people watching.  but we have much better choices for japanese food in pittsburgh.
p249
aVi've been to nakama three times in the last four years, and i have to say i've had some mixed experiences from visit to visit. nothing outright horrendous, but i've never had a perfect meal here, either.\u000a\u000aduring my first visit a family member and i sat in the window and enjoyed a quiet meal on a saturday afternoon. my only complaint then was that there were no indications about just how big each order of sushi on the menu was; as a result we ended up putting in a second round of orders to fill up our stomachs, because round one was pretty light. (this problem still exists - they don't specify how many rolls you get next to every item or even in the section header. my orders have definitely ranged in size over the years and it's really hard for me to judge how big their rolls are without images or numbering. special rolls in particular are rarely the same size as regular rolls since they have special ingredients.)\u000a\u000aat dinner during my second visit i couldn't hear anyone in my dinner group over the grills, voices and music. the food was ok but the main thing i remember about the evening is leaving with a headache from the noise. \u000a\u000aand my third and most recent visit, while mostly good, still wasn't quite spot on. on the plus side, presumably since it was a monday evening it was relatively quiet and there was no loud or obnoxious music being blasted throughout the place. the chef making our dinner was very nice, he let his technique wow us and do most of the talking for him, and he occasionally engaged in polite conversation with us. i loved watching and listening to this gentleman and he was a huge improvement over the flirtatious comedic wannabe i dealt with at the last hibachi place i went to, which will remain nameless. the drink i ordered was delicious and based on the samplings i had from my family's meals, the hibachi orders were perfect - the meat was tender and juicy and everything was seasoned for flavoring and cooked just the way everyone wanted them. but like i said, the meal wasn't spot on. my sushi, the hawaiian roll, was ok, although i wish there had been more tempura evenly distributed throughout it. our waitress actually messed up part of my order - i got a plate of salmon roll instead of the salmon cake, but i had waited long enough for my food while watching my family's hibachi being made that i didn't feel like complaining about it and sending it back. (on that note, if you come as a group, know that hibachi and normal orders never arrive anywhere near the same time. order appetizers if you don't want to sit at the table drooling as your friends or family's dinner cooks in front of you.)\u000a\u000ai've definitely never had an outright bad experience at nakama and the food has always been tasty enough, particularly the hibachi - but honestly i wouldn't go out of my way to eat here and it'll probably be another year or two before i stop by again. and while nakama hasn't completely and utterly disappointed me, it just haven't "wowed" me yet, either.
p250
aVokay, maybe i should have known better than to go to this super-vegan friendly place for brunch with my vegan friends.  but i would love to think that i could be vegan...  if only i wasn't allergic to soy!  (we're talking i-may-need-that-epi-pen-that-i-don't-carry-around kind of allergy.  haven't gotten there yet, but unfortunately, the allergy gets worse and worse.  :(  and i'm asian.  kinda sad, i know.)  what i did eat before i needed to stop, was yummy!\u000a\u000athis place is great, seriously.  wish i could go back!  i always shed a little tear when everyone else goes...  and leaves me behind.  for my own good.
p251
aVcan't say i thought the food here was that great.  it's a very interesting experience though, and worth trying at least once.  the breakfast bar food (buffet style) is much better than the hot food, imo.  i had blueberry pancakes, which were too dense and not blueberry enough.  i think everyone in my party agreed that the food was average.\u000a\u000ai will say that the atmosphere is extremely unique and lends itself to good conversation.  the servers are fun as well, and you can't beat the prices.  it seems like it would attract a hipster crowd, except families and old people go too.  go figure.
p252
aVzenith's all about the atmosphere.  you're in an antique shop, it's so cool!  the food's pretty good; not super spectacular but definitely worth it for the price.  you get an entree, the buffet bar, and the choice of a hot or iced tea.  i had their scrambled eggs my first time, which didn't wow me at all, and the moroccan stew this morning, which was definitely good.  the best part is definitely the buffet bar and the assortment of cakes; i really like their different pastas.\u000a\u000ayou gotta get to zenith early.  i've been to zenith twice; once i got there just after 10 am to wait in line for when they open at 11 am while today i got there after 12 pm.\u000a\u000aif you get there early, you'll get better service from the waiters since they won't be as overwhelmed in the beginning.  the food at the buffet bar will be fresher since all the food is made once and when it's out it's out.  get there too late and all the best foods are gone (i missed out on their stuffed grape leaves and green beans today).  also, if you get there early you'll get your own table, but if you get there later you might have to share a table with other patrons.  today we ended up sitting at a table with three other parties, which is kinda cool but also kinda awkward at the same time.\u000a\u000ai think zenith's the kinda place that not everyone will be able to appreciate, but for those who do, they absolutely love it.
p253
aVwent here for the first time and it really is all about the atmosphere! i loved it because its vegetarian and its hard to find a menu you can order anything off of. my favorite part: the deserts!!! suuuper yummmm!!!! anyway, go to zenith, it's not boring and the food is good.
p254
aV$10 never tasted so damn delicious. say what you will about vegetarian/ vegan fare, i'm pretty sure the most carnivorous of carnivores would leave zeniths sunday brunch satisfied. yep, 10 bucks will get you 1 entree (you pick from 5 or 6 choices) that comes with 2 sides. next choose your drink- coffee or tea (hot or iced) then get your ass up to the buffet table where cakes, breads, fresh fruit and salads a plenty await you. \u000a\u000aarrive early to get a table or put your name in and browse around the antique shop until a table opens up.
p255
aVafter a bit of deliberation, i decided zenith is fully deserving of five stars.\u000a\u000athe key to this justification is to remember the restaurant title "vegetarian cafe".  i will explain later...\u000a\u000aupon entering zenith, and as is well documented by the pictures, one is greeted by the warehouse everyone's mother would love to have!  antiquities all over the place and those are extremely fairly priced as my mother-in-law was so elated to find.\u000a\u000aafter a short wait, we were ushered into our table for sunday brunch.  as i said, zenith only claims to be a vegetarian cafe and, as such, goes above and beyond that claim but may fall short of a full fledged restaurant.  the salad bar is superfluous, while possibly a bit monotone in ingredients (pasta, veg, beans, pasta, veg, beans) with 10-12 different pasta and green salads.  there were two flavors of bread and then a menu of 6 entrees for only $10/person.
p256
aVi'm a hardcore carnivore, especially when it comes to brunch, so i was skeptical of zenith. it was better than i thought it would be.\u000a\u000athe vegetable stew i got was pretty good, but nothing special, and it would have been greatly improved by a good helping of slow-cooked beef (sorry, it's true!). i had a bite of the pasta and it was beyond bland, whereas the french toast (strawberry that morning) was far too sweet. essentially, i could have done without the entrees altogether.\u000a\u000athe buffet portion of the meal was much better. a large selection of salads, dips, and such, and of course those peanut noodles. everyone raves about them but guess what? they are super easy to make at home! just search "peanut butter noodles" in google and you'll get a million recipes. there you go, your reason for going to zenith is no longer (and most of the other buffet items are just as easily imitable). i do have to say that the dessert buffet was very impressive. pies, cakes, breads...i am not a dessert person at all but i just had to sample everything. if you are a dessert person, you will probably be in heaven.\u000a\u000ai wouldn't be against coming back here again (can you byobacon??) but there are so many other good brunch spots in the city that i might not get around to it.
p257
aVseriously, one of thee most unique places to eat in the burgh!  big thing here is, it's an antique shop that also has awesome vegetarian food!  so being a antique shop, they draw upon that for all their decorations in the dining room area.  it's like walking into your quirky grandma or aunt's house. \u000a\u000athe food could stand alone, without the antiques shop.  i ordered the lentil burger for the first time ever.  i can happily report back that it was absolutely delish!  it was huge and packed full of goodies (what i found out was, lentils, bread crumbs, potatoes, etc.).  the burger kinda fell apart after a few bites so i opted to eat with a fork.  no worries, it still tasted good!  it also came with a side of chips, but i opted out because of my lame diet and ended up getting a side salad.  the side salad acted more like a full salad, it was served in a tiny bowl stuffed full of fresh lettuce, peppers and grapes!  \u000a\u000asince i'm a huge fan of tea i was also super excited to see such a massive tea list.  i choose the almond spice black tea and am happy to report it was super tasty.  loved that it came out in a pot all for myself!  i love my own personal tea parties!\u000a\u000athe antique side is, of course, filled with a plethora of chachkies.  but there's many many treasures to be found!  i totally dug a couple of awesome 70's style dresses that inspire me to find some kind of 70's themed party (or throw one!).  i thought the vintage costume jewelry selection was awesome though!  it was a win win for me walking out of there with a full belly and a $12 vintage bracelet!  \u000a\u000adon't be fooled, this place is legit awesomeness!
p258
aVa friend and i went here for a snack - neither of us were overly hungry so we opted for the mediterranean plate.  it had hummus, pita bread, grape leaves, feta cheese, red peppers, olives...those are all the items i can remember.  \u000a\u000ai thought everything tasted good and fresh.  i remember liking the hummus.  i would have never thought there was a restaurant hidden in this antique store.  we walked through the antique/thrift store to get to the restaurant, i don't remember seeing another way to access the restaurant portion.\u000a\u000athe ambiance is very quirky, maybe b/c there's alot of people's old stuff all around, but it works.  i'm not sure that i'd always be in the mood for something like this, but stopping in for a mid-afternoon snack just clicked.  \u000a\u000ai'd like to go back and try some meals as these reviews have me curious!
p259
aVi really like the zenith tea room, of all the restaurants i have ever eaten in, zenith has a personality all it's own. the inside of the restaurant is decorated like nothing i had ever seen before.  it reminds me of going to my nana's house full of nick nacks and chotchkies, but the interior in done in such a way that it's charming and inviting. \u000a\u000ai am not a vegan by any stretch of the imagination, but i do enjoy creative dishes and zenith does not disappoint. \u000a\u000ai enjoyed their appetizers sampler plate you get hummus, grape leave olives and feta cheese.  the hummus was very good and thick which as the way i like to eat it. \u000a\u000ai feel that you get a  good amount of munchies for the price, zenith for a restaurant in the southside has very reasonably priced menu offerings.
p260
aVi've only ever been to the brunch but - my god, i would eat here every sunday morning if i could get my lazy butt out of the house on time...\u000a\u000azenith is where hipster goes to die (i mean- it's connected to an antique store, there are christmas lights all year round, local artists decorate the walls with their art, etc.) \u000athe service is fast and the entree is usually good! if it's your first time i'd stay away from the bottom of the menu where they get more "adventurous." and hey - if the entree isn't good there's an entire side buffet and bundt cake buffet awaiting your hungry selves.   \u000ai could go on, but you'd have to experience the hipster glory of zenith yourself.
p261
aVtrying the brunch here at least once is a trivial must. it's worth it just to experience the novel concept of eating potluck style fare in a vintage shop. but when it comes down to it, zenith's execution is very simple. the brunch buffet (only available on sundays) is all vegan and exciting, but the food isn't really all that much fun. the cakes and pies are truly bad and the salads are average. when i say "potluck style," i mean that this is the sort of food your plebeian friends or family prepare for parties - cheap and easy to make. the entrees are typically extremely uninspired, bland and obviously mass produced and re-heated as necessary. i would never even think of coming here on any day but sunday (ok, well, i did once go on a thursday; we were the only ones there and it sucked). i would give zenith two stars, but i have to give them a little extra credit for business design - convincing people to crowd in one day of the week so as to require a wait during which people can shop deliriously (hungover and on an empty stomach) before eating. what they do the rest of the week is beyond me, it's definitely not creative menu design - i guess they are probably religiously hawking thrift store goods to re-sell...
p262
aVwonderful food in a very unusual setting.  the prices are very affordable and they can accommodate large groups.  the store carries an odd assortment of collectibles, antiques and used items, i had a lot of fun browsing after my meal.  the staff is very friendly.
p263
aV1 word: mmmmmmmmmmm! this vegan restaurant may have the most distinct character of any other restaurant in pittsburgh. the veggie/vegan brunch here is legend. the antique store on your way in is epic. the food and desserts, all baked by a couple of lovely women that are friends of friends, are so tasty. the inside decor is so cute and cozy, filled with big, older tables with older furniture and cute antique-like decorations. on the walls and hanging from the ceiling above. at first i wasn't too stoked about the big table setup- particularly if you're going by yourself or just with a friend. however, a couple of times i've met some really cool people that came and set beside me or my group. the people who work here are amazing, and i love the cool, young, hip patrons that come in. for years i only had been here for their brunch, but a couple of years ago i actually had my birthday dinner here with a big group of friends- and the dinner meal was great too! going on a weekday surely doesn't have the same craziness as a sunday brunch, but a very good and different experience in its own right. i couldn't recommend this place more highly- even if you aren't a vegetarian!
p264
aVexcellent food, excellent setting, attentive staff, byob.  got here late but they were still serving and were very attentive.  the menu seemed local and seasonal, so i will be curious to see what they have when i go back.  \u000a\u000ai should have reviewed it right after i went, but i didn't and now i forget the details.  i got some type of rolled stuffed chicken on a puree of cauliflower and some other sauce..it kicked ass.  the soups are amazing as well.\u000a\u000ai'll be back and review it again, but, needless to say, i'm a big fan...places like this seem rare in pittsburgh; i felt like i was in europe again.
p265
aVi hit up cafe du jour this past friday as part of a series of a weekend of dining out.\u000a\u000ai went in the early afternoon and avoided the lunchtime rush (if there was a rush) and we grabbed seats in the backyard patio.  i ended up ordering pork chops.\u000a\u000athe thick cut pork chop was a lot larger than i anticipated.  it came with a halved roasted yukon gold potato and a side of a spring green salad.  the pork had a beautiful char on the outside and was ridiculously juicy and tender.  i usually steer clear of pork due to my fear of dryness and lack of flavor, but this pork chop delivered and i'd order them again.  the potatoes were perfectly roasted; i've never had such perfectly roasted potatoes before (i always find them slightly undercooked or excessively overcooked).  the salad was pretty standard.\u000a\u000ai also tried their mushroom consommé and a piece of their shrimp crepes.  the mushroom consommé was delicious and recommendable.  the shrimp crepes were good too, but are slightly overpriced for what they are.  they're delicious, but the portion is pretty small and serves more as an appetizer, but they are at the entree price point.\u000a\u000aif you have a chance to hit it up, sit outside.  there's a small fountain and two turtles that swim around in it, and the ivy on the brick walls makes you forget you're dining out in pittsburgh.
p266
aVtwas on the south side to run errands at lunch yesterday and thought i would try this place out.\u000a\u000a3.5 stars.  a nice reprieve amidst crappy pittsburgh fall weather, i chose the small table by itself in the back facing the patio.  service was friendly although again there was only one for the whole place and she was quite busy.\u000a\u000ai had the sundried tomato mozz sandwich with genoa salami.  came with a lovely pasta salad on top of a crisp piece of romaine.  the sandwich itself was well assembled and tasty, but wasn't fully heated and the middle was lukewarm to cold.  given the texture of the sandwich this was a bit of a turnoff.  give me a cold or hot sandwich but not in between.  on second thought i should have just sent it back to be broiled longer but i was hungry and am fairly non-confrontational by nature.\u000a\u000aanyhow, at $7 it was a good deal.  i will definitely be back and hope to be able to re-rate at 4 or 5 stars.
p267
aVthis is the cutest, quaintest restaurant in pittsburgh! a must for a romantic evening. it's incredibly small so you will always need a reservation. in the summer they have a beautiful outdoor seating area that's filled with greenery and a fountain. along with the great atmosphere comes great food! they change their menu often but have a variety of french inspired dishes to choose from. the eggplant is fabulous, so try that if you have the option..
p268
aVlove this little gem of a restaurant! come here for the ambiance and enjoy a special dining experience. the food is excellent. byob places are the best. just bring cash and an empty tummy. take a look at the pics to imagine what you could be savoring! yum!
p269
aVi feel bad about giving this place 3 stars, and it's probably closer to a 3.5 (damn you yelp for not allowing me to provide more nuanced ratings!).  but the reality is, it's a place that i thought was fine, would be happy to go back to, but probably not go out of my way to go back to and probably would not be somewhere i personally would propose.  that is, i would go there if someone else suggested it, but i probably wouldn't suggest it myself.\u000a\u000aservice here is very nice - they aren't stuffy and it seems more like a neighborhood place than an outright restaurant.  closest comparison point might be girasole in shadyside in terms of ambiance.  alas, also in terms of noise level - this place can get loud, even when it's not particularly full.  it's also definitely got a neighborhood feel - when i walked in, there was a group of older women who were congregating for some sort of get together, and a family with a young child.  that is to say, other than the kid, my friend and i were probably the youngest people there for a long while.  i think the young professionals didn't start showing up until around 8:30ish.  i don't mean to say this in a evaluative way - it's just information for you to get a sense of who goes there and when.\u000a\u000athe food was somewhat hit or miss.  the spinach and cheese dip was delicious, and i will say that the shrimp small plate was divine.  perfectly cooked shrimp on rosemary skewers in a tomato based sauce with buttered crusty bread... absolutely awesome.  but the pork crostini with brie was not my favorite - the pork was tasteless and somewhat dry.  my friend had the mushroom soup and a house salad, neither of which seemed particularly inspired.\u000a\u000aperhaps we went wrong by not ordering one of the main entrees.  so, i grant you that perhaps we should give it another try.  but, given my aversion to the south side, a place has to be pretty amazing for me to brave the traffic and craziness of carson st., and this didn't cut it.  but, i don't regret having tried it.
p270
aVa city restaurant without a website - how quaint! i don't think i would have ever discovered it without yelp. i first sought it out based on reviews a few years ago and i remember thoroughly enjoying a salad on the patio on a fine summer's day. then, earlier this spring my partner and i stopped by to read the menu - my partner noted the sorta high prices and i noted the total lack of vegan options. someone from inside popped out to let us know that they weren't yet open for dinner (it was b/w lunch and dinner time) and asked if we'd like to make a reservation for later, all in a very kind and inviting manner. i mentioned that i was hoping to find something vegan and she assured me that the chef could make something. we passed that time (due to cheap partner), but i knew i would return for some al fresco joy, and earlier this week, i did. i called ahead to make a reservation and to make sure they were really ok with making a vegan entree. when we arrived, the vegan thing was acknowledged by our server and we were seated in the best spot on the patio, next to the cute and oddly gregarious turtles! we were handed some well used paper menus and our cheap sparkling wines were properly chilled/corked/stored. from then on, things got awkward. my dining companion, who kept baby talking to the turtles throughout the meal and even feeding them, coerced me into drinking her recently deceased grandmother's favorite cheap sparkling wine (asti) and we made a toast to this woman i never had the pleasure of meeting. and we were left with crusty menus that which had no apparent vegan selections and waited for the server to, um, maybe, uh mention what they could do. instead she came to take our order. and i had to explain that since nothing is really vegan on the menu, i needed her to describe what could be made vegan. uhhhh, the mushroom consomme annnnd a salad...ummm...let me go ask the chef. the chef had an excellent answer, it is a mystery to me as to why he was not consulted earlier. i did try the mushroom consomme to start, which was alright (i would not order it again), and ordered the chef's special with was described as a zucchini stuffed with spiced cous cous. sounded boring. but as presented, it had a lot going on, i almost feared it had too much going on - tomato sauce, capers, walnuts, basil, golden raisins, cinnamon, bread crumbs...whoa! was it going to be as clumsy as our service? no! it was well composed and very satisfying to my palate which was maybe only slightly deteriorated from drinking asti. the chef also sent out some complimentary small bites before our entrees, i imagine because the special dish was expected to take longer than a usual menu item, though it didn't seem like an especially long wait. awesome gesture, as it proved someone was on their toes. at the end of the meal we had our second most painful conversation with the server, regarding coffee. it should have been a pretty simple exchange, really. i ordered espresso and my friend asked if the coffee was french pressed. instead of just saying "no," we got some bumbling convoluted answer that left us confused - i was able to gather that no, it was not french press coffee and that either the coffee or espresso (or both?) were from some sort of pod - like maybe a machine that sort of presses a pod...my friend, bewildered, just ordered an espresso, but i had to ask, soooo is the espresso from a pod thingy? yep...ok, i am sorry but i don't want the espresso, and i joked about drawing the line at imitation "champagne." no fun. i tried to be really kind and easy going to make up for being such a damn snob, an inconvenience at every turn, for trying to understand what was being offered. as i watched our server describe the specials to an arriving table, counting the two of them on her fingers as if she was twisting each special off of a finger and squeezing it into her palm, i felt sorry for those others who came to endure her writhing translations. as much as i appreciated my special dish, and service aside, i probably would not put them through the trouble of having me dine again. i don't believe the menu changes very often, definitely not every day as the name suggests, as it didn't seem particularly seasonal (for example, one of their two desserts featured pumpkin which, even though it's none of my business, i thought was weird for late june), nor much, if at all, different from my previous visits, and certainly not freshly printed. \u000a\u000anonplussed?\u000a+ cash only (+ as in bring it) \u000a+ very pleasant patio for those rare perfect days\u000a+ ^ with friendly turtles, until turtle soup season (maybe next year)\u000a+ byob\u000a+ capable and accommodating kitchen to make up for non-communicative server\u000a= worth trying, especially if you don't have dietary restrictions, you have expendable cash, it's a nice day to spend with turtles and you want to provide your own asti.\u000a\u000ahrm, the nonplussed point system might be my new method of expressing cynical optimism.
p271
aVi stopped by here this past friday night with my fiance and 2 other couples for a later dinner.  we had made reservations for 8 and whenever we walked in at 5 minutes past 8, the other two couples from our party were already seated.  the inside of this place is fairly small and i imagine that they could maybe fit 30 people inside if they tried really hard?  whenever you first walk in there is an open kitchen on the left where they cook the food and then all of the seating is straight ahead.  beyond that there is not much decoration that i noticed other than a couple of ledges full of empty wine bottles.  i found them to be interesting and i am sure that it plays into the fact that they are byob at $2 a stem.\u000a\u000aour group decided to start off the evening by ordering the pork crostini and a meatball like dish as appetizers to share for the table .  the waiter informed us that only 4 came with the pork crostinis and so he asked would we like an order a half which we readily agreed to.  of the two i think that i enjoyed the crostinis more as the pork had some good flavor to it.  for dinner i ordered the porcini dusted new york strip steak cooked medium which came with a gorgonzola compound butter on top of it and a quartered zuchinni on the side.  my steak ended up being pretty lean and was cooked perfectly which gave it some good flavor.  the real star of the show was the gorgonzola compound butter though as the blue cheese really came through in the taste and yet it was very easily spreadable.  my zucchini was just ok as it was a thick piece and the while the top and bottom seemed to be cooked through the very middle was quite a bit harder.  it was seasoned well though.   my fiancé ended up ordering the salmon for her dinner entree and really enjoyed it.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i would head back here again in the future.  while the restaurant itself seemed small and tight i ended up enjoying my food and the atmosphere here.
p272
aVohhhh those frozen cosmo's! they pack a punch and by punch i mean you could really drink a couple and be faced down somewhere you don't remember being! so good! i was safe and stuck with one and a half (the half being my friends unfinished slightly melted one.) but i digress! \u000a\u000ai am so excited that this place is "back." it was formerly known as the shiloh inn and was closed for a couple months and taken over by the owners of the harris grill. it saddened me when the shiloh inn closed down because although i love me some redbeards, this was the only place to have a nice sit down dinner on this side of the mount. \u000a\u000abefore, it kinda felt like a creepy old mansion rather than a hip restaurant. they've transformed it into a quaint and cozy little place! there was a warm !fireplace and it just felt very inviting inside, rather than the creepy before! i can't wait until they open up the deck outside because it's huge and a great place to sit and people watch in the summer! \u000a\u000ai was really trying to be good and get a salad (even though it had french fries and a bucket o' ranch on it) but i thought i would be doing myself a disservice, being that it was my "first time" there. i caved and found the most delish sounding eggplant noodleless lasagna. since i am a proud italian, i have to have my italian dishes a certain way. that means lots of sauce and lots of cheese! this came out perfectly! i only wish i could make eggplant this well at home (hence going elsewhere to get it!) it was many many thin layers of breaded eggplant with lots of sauce and spinach in between. the spinach factor, in my mind, evened out the mounds of mozzarella cheese loaded on top. the dish was huge and i'm not ashamed to say i...ate it all! \u000a\u000ai'm so glad this place is here in my neighborhood! i hope that it's successful enough to stay around for a long time! i know i'll be back, especially in the summer when i can sit on the porch with a dozen frozen cosmo's surrounding me!
p273
aVwent here for brunch yesterday 8/14/11\u000a\u000aoverall the food was decent.  nothing was truly spectacular and as others have said their could have definitely been more variety.  \u000a\u000awhat we sampled: \u000abacon (decent, but i don't understand why they are known for this)\u000asausage (better than the bacon and my fiance liked it better than the bacon which is shocking because i am the sausage fan in the house)\u000amini bagels with lox (pretty good though the toaster was sort of a death trap)\u000awaffles with peaches (went back for a bowl of peaches, but the waffles were soggy)\u000aomelet (the chef was hilarious and seemed to enjoy workign with and interacting with the customers)\u000afrozen mimosas (delicious!)\u000a\u000adefinitely not the variety that you are going to find at the grand concourse or at the rivers casino brunch, but overall for the price and the great waitresses we would come back.
p274
aVshiloh grill = harris grill. same decor, same hipster wait staff, same menu. that being said, the food is just as good and i was happy with the service. i brought friends here so they could see the view from mt. washington, and they were very pleased with the food. i would think that the patio would be what would really sell this when it's not as cold out. overall, this is where i would be going if i lived on the mt.
p275
aVwhere am i - harris grill, no wait, shiloh grill!  i'm a huge fan of harris grill and was pleasantly pleased to visit it's fraternal twin on top of mt. washington.  \u000a\u000athe feel is the same that i get at harris grill - casual, friendly, no bs - good drinks with good food.  i didn't have any of the food, but it smelled good, real good.  \u000a\u000afor a drink i had the aqua velva which was gin based and had sprite and blue curacao giving it a bright blue hue.  total fan - the taste wasn't overly sweet which you might initially think when taking a look at it.  but it was good - it was light and refreshing, but be forewarned it's powerful.  you can't really taste the alcohol which could be a good or bad thing depending on how you want your night to end.\u000a\u000ai was playing it safe so i didn't even finish the whole thing.  i'd definitely check this place out again and try out the food.
p276
aVnot bad... if you're a fan of the harris grill, you'll probably like this. i had the bean cakes appetizer which was decent but not incredible, and the fish tacos. the fish tacos were, pittsburgh style, which means that they came in a flour tortilla, but the sauce was decent and the grilled fish was tasty. the side dish of green beans was unfortunately drenched in butter.\u000a\u000anice decor, decent beer on tap, but slightly noisy inside.
p277
aVreally good food and excellent service.  downstairs is loud, but if you are looking for a quiet conversation, try upstairs.  i'm not a fan of fried food, but the cheese balls are fun to try and the cheese is wonderful.
p278
aVthe bacon cheesburger was really good, and i don't normally go crazy over burgers. the pierogis were well done also. i just wasn't crazy about dessert (see darren's review), the service, or the rude clientele.
p279
aVthis place is in the mt washington neighborhood walking distance from some of the nice viewpoints.  went there with some friends for brunch and i wasn't expecting a whole lot for $14 but the spread for that deal was amazing!  the unlimited buffet included an omelet station, a smoked salmon plate, eggs, meat, waffles, fruit, etc.  and it came with a free drink (alcoholic or nonalcoholic) of your choice.  i had a bloody mary, which was made well.  the servers were also very attentive and the omelet chef was very friendly.  i want to go back for their happy hour special that includes a basket of bacon, which sounds amazing.  atmosphere was also nice cozy and looks like the have an outdoor area that would be open when the weather is good.
p280
aVi'm a huge fan of the harris -- i dine there at least 3x a week.  i'm not kidding.  i've even got  my father coming to the harris for bacon night.  we love it there.\u000a\u000athe shiloh grill?  not so much.  the menu is exactly the same as the harris but every single time i've dined there there has been some sort of problem, ie we waited forever for our food, there was a hair in a salad (my friend is a hair dresser and in full disclosure she didnt even care--lol), an order was forgotten....\u000a\u000athe last time i ate there i ordered the gazpacho and the britney spears.  the gazpacho came out so spicy it was inedible.  it was also salsa level chunky.  i took two bites and sent it back and told the waiter--maybe i got a chunk of pepper?  he agreed w me that it looked thick and i was very bummed out bc gazpacho is my favorite thing on the harris menu.\u000a\u000aone problem was that he clearly knew someone sitting at the table across from us and would stand there bs'ing with them while i was dying for a refill of water due to the hellfire strength gazpacho.  i again want to mention that the gazpacho is never that spicy.  brimstone shiz was going down in that bowl!  i finally went to the bar for water.  our waiter never noticed.\u000a\u000ai instead asked for mini mac n cheese.  \u000a\u000athe britney spears came out, two were burned and one was under cooked.  you just cant go wrong w the mac n cheese ever.  its was honestly the high point of my whole day.\u000a\u000athen the check came and the gazpacho was still on it.  it too so long to get the check i just paid and left.  i'll not go back, i'm going to stick w the harris.  and redbeards, which is right next door.
p281
aVgreat place for a large group!  we seem to end up here for birthday outings-great drinks and food and plenty of space for large parties.  fantastic drink menu with of course the frozen cosmo-everyone's favorite. their sangria is fantastic and sometimes overlooked. i wanted to be brave and try the seasonal pumpkin sangria but decided on a pumpkin beer and they had a fantastic selection of about 5 or 6 different kinds on tap. the menu is about the same as harris grill. i do wish they had a few more options. this time i went with the pulled pork with red potatoes and coleslaw.  everything was just ok. i do enjoy how they let you pick a side if you don't want the french fries.  the coleslaw was super spicy which i was not expecting.  our waitress was very friendly and was very willing to split our checks even for the large party. 18% gratuity was added however the waitress made sure we knew this ahead of time. i recommend going when the weather is nice to sit outside on their deck.
p282
aVso, i find myself spending more and more time here lately since a friend recently moved into the apartments in the same building.  i've been going here for years and am definitely a a fan.  the valet parking is good, however a pet peeve is that you have to pay to valet.  i always think this should be complimentary with fine dining.  the elevator takes a fortnight to arrive to the top floor dining room is another small annoyance, but everything else is pretty close to five stars.  the main dining room is gorgeous with the best view of the burgh' or any city for that matter that you can have.  the hand painted palm trees are very nice and relaxing and the furniture is adequate.  they have plenty of space on the lower floor for big functions. i've had events in these big rooms for 50 to 100 folks multiple times.  however, a must visit is the wine room.  it is amazing.  you have three oak tables in a small room with wine bottles and floor to ceiling glass all around you.  ask for pat he is a great server and a true pro with respect to his craft.  he also always remembers me even though i haven't used the room for years.  they say the room seats 27 (3 tables of 9), but i don't suggest more than 24 in this space.  if you use this room you need at least 8 folks' and you have to choose one of the wine tasting menus.  they are $95 or $120 i believe for each 5 course wine tasting.  i suggest if you are going to use this room to splurge for the $120.  it's much better wine and includes a champagne toast.  this obviously is not a room i'd use often, but perfect for special occassions.  more and more i find myself simply sitting at the bar.  it has a great lounge and bar area, with plenty of seating.  if you find yourself in a bind to get a table in the dining room you can almost always find a table in the lounge with the same menu.  i've probably been here almost once a week the past couple months.  the bartenders are really good and definitely take care of there regulars.  as an aside, this place is also like the "melrose place" of pittsburgh with many single folks choosing to stay in this building which has the restaurant located on the top floor.  the food is pretty much the best fish in pittsburgh and less pricey than the some of the other fish joints like "original fish market".  my only complaint with the menu is that i wish they offered more shellfish options like crab and lobster and not just crab cakes (which btw are probably the best in the city, which is saying a lot for a town that loves crabcakes).   some recent menu highlights have been the oysters rockefeller. i'd say skip this.  it was super heavy with a thick hollandaise, too much cheese and breadcrumbs.  the "ahi" tempura was really great and i found to be somewhat of a paradox in that it's close to raw great quality fish, but they find a way to put a light breading on it and deep fry it without the fish being overcooked.  my new favorite menu item.  the ichiban is good which is just a skewer of medium rare fish.  i also found the filet to be of great quality and reasonablyu priced for a "prime": cut for $37 for 10 oz.  you literally can't go wrong with any fish dish you choose, i'll just offer a couple suggestions.  if you want something rich and deeply flavored try the swordfish parmasan style.  it's very rich, but soooo delicious.  if you prefer something lighter with a lot of flavor try the ahi tuna sashimi style.  it's fantastic.  the prices are reasonable, service is good, and it's the perfect spot for out of town guests.  definitely one of my pgh. favs'.
p283
aVi was dissapointed . i have been wanting to go here for several years and finally made it last saturday night . the plusses were the view and great service . the negatives were small portions and hefty prices . i know , u pay for the view and i understand that . a nice place but for the money i would go somewhere else .
p284
aVamazing views, but high prices considering the food quality; you're really paying for the view here, not the food. food wise, i've had better fish at umi and penn ave, fish company.\u000a\u000aservice was prompt and friendly, although the decor was surprisingly tacky - palm tree pillars? really? probably won't go back again unless someone is visiting from out of town who really wants to see the view.
p285
aVfull disclosure (we were the guests of my fiances employers i.e., didn't pay)\u000a\u000aas for the decor, we were seated in a private room with a lot of floor length windows looking out at the wonderful view so i wasn't really paying attention to what some refer as outdated decor. \u000a\u000awe started off with a drink at the bar he had a rum and coke (very strong!) and i had a very well balanced cosmopolitan made with fresh lime juice (huge plus over the bottled stuff)\u000a\u000athey had set up a menu for us with a salad, choice of entree and shared dessert platter. \u000a\u000aeven though the bread looked like just the take and bake variety they were wonderful (someone at our table even wanted to steal the bread basket from the other table to get more)\u000a\u000athe salad was excellent and had a passion fruit dressing that i would love to buy and use everyday on my salads. \u000a\u000afor my entree i had the grilled swordfish oscar style (crab meat, asparagus, and hollindaise (spelling?))  this was excellent, there was just enough hollindaise to add richness, but not to much that it was swimming in it.  the fish was also cooked perfectly.   \u000a\u000amy fiance had the tuna seared rare with some type of sesame sauce that was out of this world.  i am not a huge fan of tuna and i stole two pieces :). \u000a\u000athe portion sizes were outrageous.  i can't speak for the everyday portions, but these were more than generous. \u000a\u000athe dessert platter had key lime tarts, mini cheesecakes, truffles, and a chocolate mouse. \u000a\u000ai tried the key lime tart good, but a bit to sweet and the chocolate truffle which was just the perfect size and sweet bite to end the meal. \u000a\u000anow being on the budget we are on and saving for a wedding, this place is not one i expected to be able to try for a long time, but the food was wonderful and i am glad we had the chance to enjoy it!
p286
aVi came here for a birthday of a friend of mine.  we ordered the mussels as an appetizer.  we sent them back as they were way too fishy tasting.  yuck.  but we got the lemon sole and the shrimp and scallop fettuccine.  the orange basil halibut was just ok and lacked much flavor.  the shrimp and scallop fettuccine was ok as well.  however, the scallops were a bit sandy (i hate sand in my seafood!) and the shrimp had an overpowering taste of iodine.  however, the pasta itself, was great!  also, our server was phenomenal, i just wish the food was a little bit better. \u000a\u000athis place is great for the view though.  i suggest if it's a busy night reservation wise, try to get a table down at the bar, as the view is just as great down there and less unobstructed.
p287
aVto me, this is more of a special occasions restaurant.  and everyone comments on the wonderful seafood, blah blah blah.  but you are going here for the incredible view of the city.  admit it.  as for me, i really thought that i was going to get that big fat romantic proposal.  but if you've seen my finger, it's still bare naked.
p288
aVthe food is decent, not great, not authentic by any stretch of the imagination, but fairly priced for portion-size, and generally tasty enough.  i highly recommend the crab rangoon if you like the sweet cream cheesy kind.  yum!  and i like the pad thai even if it is sweet and not authentic as well as the curry chicken.  (fyi: my order of the curry chicken and crab rangoon came out to $9 after tax)\u000a\u000ai don't often eat at the restaurant itself, i am more a order-from-wheeldeliver.com or pick-up person.  service isn't great, which is probably why i avoid eating in-house.  bear in mind that parking on the street in the area is generally hard to find unless it is mid-day in the middle of the week.
p289
aVthis place is beyond non-authentic. \u000a\u000ai had one of the worst meals in pittsburgh at lulu's. \u000a\u000aif you must persist in your folly by continuing to go to lulu's, do not order the thai beef basil. it was disgusting. they used beef that had been clearly tenderized in some sort of acid(probably pineapple juice). it also had canned tomatoes, and no basil. the kicker was that the sauce they cooked it in was, without a doubt, ketchup.  oh my gawd! and supposedly asians actually work at and own this restaurant!?!?\u000a\u000ayou know there are many ways you can bastardize food, but sometimes it can taste not so bad, even pretty good. however not in this case. \u000a\u000ait was an complete abomination. these people need to give back their asian membership card right now.
p290
aVyuck, yuck, yuck. awful 90's decor, worse music of all eras, curt service and terrible food. i had the spicy basil noodle plate which tasted like ragu on rice noodles. cannot remember what my companion ordered but it tasted strange and made me glad for my own dish. veggies from cans and packages. chairs, nasa rejects? i'm pretty sure the busboy is a serial killer.
p291
aVthe food is good. the prices are good. the service usually leaves something to be desired that's why i usually order take out. i love hot & sour soup but for some reason, they are usually "out" when i try to order it (usually around 6p).\u000a\u000abottom line, you get what you pay for.
p292
aVi've eaten here twice. the first time, the food wasn't particularly good. the second time, the food was average, but not particularly exceptional. lulus still gets three stars, though, because it's inexpensive and the bubble tea & bubble smoothies are delicious.
p293
aVi appreciate lulu's noodles for what it is - a cheap place for some grub that's not half bad!  sure, it's not 5-star cuisine, but it's not trying to be.  it's cheap pan asian food and sometimes you just got a hankerin for it.  the tom kha soup is tasty and while i usually get the spicy basil noodles, i actually think they should call them "sweet, no basil, noodles".  but for $6 something - i'm not going to complain.  they definitely cater to the demographic in the area, but if your around the area and looking for some inexpensive asian place rather than going to subway's or quiznos - then check it out.  it won't cost you much!
p294
aVcafeteria korean, thai, and chinese culinary low end. the menu has many options and after trying many of them i have come to the conclusion that the food is half-assed in authenticity but more a place to grab something quick for college students who want cheap food without the fuss, and may not know of better restaurants. slow bad service, kind of dirty, stale environment.\u000a\u000ai'm not a big fan of chinese food to begin with so i have gone for the noodle thai dishes more often. i don't even know why i kept going back besides my ex really liked general tso's chicken and would grab takeout on his way home from work.\u000a\u000athese were all bland boring, nothing special and never ordered again.\u000asweet and sour chicken, shrimp-no\u000aspicy basil- all spice, could taste nothing else\u000adr. fu special-never get seafood here\u000a\u000abelow were the items that were just ok. no complaints but no accolades either.\u000acucumber salad- not so bad\u000apad thai-frozen pad thai is better\u000asingapore rice noodles- flavorless chicken, sauce do-able\u000a\u000auhm so horrible, the meat was that chewy gristle kind that you spit out into the napkin.\u000asesame cold noodles-worms in peanut butter sauce\u000alard nar bbq pork-gummy noodles like eating mush\u000apho-worst ever nothing like good pho, bad broth\u000a\u000athe bubble smoothies are really good except i can't stand the tapioca fish egg consistency. no bubbles for me, and no more lulu's either.
p295
aVwe stopped by lulu's since it was close to the cmu campus and we were hungry. there is ample seating which was nice so we sat immediately. \u000a\u000ai was very excited to see the selection on their menu and decided to order one of my favorites - singapore noodles. while the noodles were at least (light) yellow, the flavoring of the spices was barely there, which was unfortunate. *insert sad face* in addition to that we shared a mango bubble tea but it tasted like the maker elbowed in a can of heavy syrup. \u000a\u000aon the flip side my boyfriend enjoyed his wonton soup and my chow foon the second time around was just okay but better than the singapore noodles. \u000a\u000athe food is cheap but i wouldn't take the initiative of coming here. it makes sense that they are near universities and cater to college students though. their food is mediocre at best but service has been okay.
p296
aVif you are looking for any type of asian food, you are not going to find it here.  what you are going to find is slightly overpriced mediocre food next to cmu which makes it popular for no particular reason. \u000a\u000ai have tried the pho (really sad) and the rice with duck which was decent, but was not butchered well.  \u000a\u000aoverall if you need something in the cmu area you can do a lot better and the service could use improvement as well.
p297
aVlove lulus! who cares if it is authentic or not! i wonder what authentic "asian" food is really? \u000alulus is fast asian food... and furious...and cheap! it was a regular go-to lunch joint while i was in school in oakland. the school days are behind me, but i still look for opportunities to go get a bite there when i can. i like their noodles, the rices, but the small plates are my fave. the pad thai is pretty decent (again, i don't know what authentic is, if it tastes good, i will eat it).\u000athe bubble tea, however, is not the best. the tapioca pearls are a little too hard for my liking. the actual tea part is delish!
p298
aVi've been coming here for over ten years.  lulu's is lulu's and it will never change but fortunately their fried tofu (big plate), hot and sour soup, and crab rangoon have never changed, and neither has my love of very unhealthy fried food.\u000a\u000aif you come here for dinner the service is terrible but you'll get your food eventually.\u000a\u000aif you come here for lunch your food will come out very quick and extremely hot, and it may or may not arrive around the same time your dining companion's food arrives.\u000a\u000ait's cheap.\u000a\u000ait's greasy.\u000a\u000athe spicy peanut noodle bowl is delish. so is the fried tofu, egg roll, hot and sour soup, crab rangoon, curry, and pad thai.
p299
aVof all the places i ever went to on a regular basis as a pitt student, lulu's noodles is one of the places where i legitimately loved the food and wasn't just picking up a meal on a poor student budget. i still love stopping by these days to enjoy my favorite college meal on occasion. \u000a\u000ai usually end up ordering ramen or a similar noodle soup - after all, 'noodles' is in the company's name for a reason! i have never had a bad experience here. my food has always arrived in a timely fashion, has been cooked properly and has featured only the best flavoring and seasoning possible.\u000a\u000aan added bonus is that a razzy fresh yogurt shop is just down the street - it's easy enough to pop in for dessert on the rare occasions that lulu's enormous portions don't have me rolling to my car before i fall into a food coma.\u000a\u000ai absolutely recommend lulu's to all; the food is delicious, the portions fantastic considering the price, and bound to satisfy anyone who has a craving for some noodles.
p300
aVi've been here twice for lunch since it's near where i work in oakland.  i was excited to try it since it looked like a nice interesting menu offering a diversity of options (chinese, vietnamese, korean, thai) but i haven't been impressed.  the food lacks any interesting flavor and the texture of the noodles i had in one dish wasn't right and didn't seem fresh (they were kind of gummy and stuck together--and these were the ones they said were specially imported from san francisco!).  the first time i went, it was during the busy lunch hour and the person taking my order was very rude to me when i told her i wanted to pay in credit card since i didn't have cash.  they normally take credit cards but she informed me during the lunch rush they want cash, but i did not see any signs anywhere warning me of this or i wouldn't have gone there.  i only went back again since it's so close to my office and thought i'd give it another chance but i'm still disappointed.  prices are decent and portions are quite large.  food comes out slow compared to other similar places.  you order at the counter and they bring it out to you, but it is not a full service restaurant.
p301
aVlulu's affordability and fair portions have made it one of the popular asian cuisine restaurants in oakland amongst pitt and cmu students. some students will rave about lulu's, but it is nothing too special.\u000a\u000ai've had the spicy szechwan noodle bowl and the spicy basil noodle plate; both were fine. i've also tried the bubble tea which is a unique beverage to try. \u000a\u000ai've never had any problems with service here either.
p302
aVsorry lulu's it's nothing personal. \u000a\u000ai've been to a lot of asian restaurants in my day and i can honestly say that the cost value of this place is by far the worst. they charge an average amount for some less than decent food.  it's a go to place for a lot of college kids but personally it does not suit my tastes. \u000athe pad thai is too sweet and is supposed to be one of their best dishes. i've tried their other noodle dishes but i've got to say i'm still not convinced.
p303
aVi think the trick to having a good experience at lulu's is to know what you're getting into before you walk in: average asian cuisine, average service, cheap prices. by using these metrics, i usually have had a good experience here (i've been maybe 3 or 4 times). typically, i never am hungry enough to get a "big eat" from the menu, i just stick with one of the "small" vegetarian meals and it suits me well. the last few times i've gotten the steamed vegetables with tufu, and a $4.25 a bowl you can't have many complaints. it's been a nice place to walk over to from work, and it's great that it's open until almost 10pm to serve the college crowds from pitt and cmu. and definitely try one of the bubble smoothies at some point- they were all the rage when they came out a few years ago and are actually quite tasty (if overpriced).
p304
aVgreat place for a quick lunch in oakland.  for the lunch hours you do not have a server and order at the counter and they bring your food to your table when ready.  the bubble tea is a must.  i also recommend the sesame cold noodles-cold noodles with an excellent peanut butter sauce and sliced cucumbers.  the freddy fu (named after upmc's famous orthopedic surgeon) is a customer favorite.  the service is usually quick and the prices are cheap.
p305
aVlike other reviewers, i'm unimpressed by lulu's noodles.  i've been there once, and that was enough for me.  i ordered a noodle dish of some kind, and it was bland and salty, and the ingredients were sub-par.  it's a far cry for authentic asian food, and, having traveled several times to east asia, i know what that is.  i also ordered the bubble tea, which was decent--however, there's now another place half a block down where you can get that for take-out or eat-in.  based on the quality of the food, i'm surprised that this place is always packed.  then again, i suppose it appeals mainly to the college student crowd, many of whom care about inexpensiveness over food quality.  if you're on s. craig and looking for somewhere to eat, give this place a pass.  there are several better options (see my craig st. restaurant list).
p306
aVi've been eating at lulu's for years, and i especially love the reasonable prices and good service.  there are several dishes that i consistently order, and one i'd like to highlight is the basil chicken dish.  it's delicious, very flavorful and the portion size is generous.  the location in oakland is convenient to the many events i go to, so i find it  a great place to meet friends.
p307
aVwent during lunch over the weekend, and it was easily one of the very best indian buffets i've had a chance to eat at.  the spinach and mushroom dish was delicious, as were all of the vegetarian options here.  whereas it doesn't seem a major thing, the condiment bar; chutneys, raita, kheer, etc, was one of the most complete i've seen.\u000a\u000awill head there again.
p308
aVindia garden is one of my go-to spots in oakland, and i think i've been here more than any other pittsburgh restaurant. food is pretty much comparable to any other indian restaurant, but since it's good and convenient for me, i don't go anywhere else for my indian fix.\u000a\u000athere are three things that really set india garden apart though: 1. some of the best naan, especially the garlic naan! 2. half-price late-night deals, but only on vegetarian and chicken dishes. 3. the crazy lunch buffet. they have the biggest selection of dishes i've ever seen in an indian buffet. the times i went, they had 4 or 5 vegetarian dishes, 2 or 3 chicken dishes, a mutton or lamb dish, and several desserts, plus salad and naan. it's seriously huge, so go with an empty stomach.\u000a\u000aservice is kind of awkward. the servers aren't very friendly and when it's crowded, it gets slow. one time we had an extra long wait and they brought us free mango lassi, which was nice. also the food changes based on who's in the kitchen...my favorite dish is lamb korma, but sometimes it's like, a different combination of spices or something, usually reflected in the color. very weird how much it can vary, but 9/10 times i enjoy it anyway.\u000a\u000abottom line, go to india garden for lunch or late-night and you won't be disappointed.
p309
aVi have only been here for the lunch buffet, but i've never been disappointed. neat atmosphere, close to pitt's campus, and rather inexpensive. anytime i'm in the mood for indian food, this is the first place i go.
p310
aVbeen to the oakland and monroeville locations, usually for the buffet - the food is good but the service could be better (at both locations). i always feel as though i'm being rushed out of there, even when it isn't busy. and honestly, would it kill any one of the waitstaff to crack a smile?
p311
aVi went their for lunch on a weekday and had the lunch buffet.  it was a typical lunch buffet, nothing special.  vegetarians will find it convenient that they separate the meat and vegetarian sections and the vegetarian options outnumber the meat ones.  as a meat eater i would have liked a few more meat options.  food was good but not anything special.  service was typical for a buffet lunch where minimal service is needed.  it is a nice atmosphere that is nicely decorated, but the tables are placed rather cluttered and close together.
p312
aVi came here with a frequent customer who had credible indian food credentials. unfortunately, she was a vegetarian, so i was on my own in terms of ordering a main course. the menu is fairly large, and by the time the waiter came to take our orders my friend was prepared while i did not have enough time to thoroughly investigate the menu leaving me in a concealed moment of desperation. i quickly chose the first tandoori specialty believing it was placed there for a reason. \u000a\u000athe dish was served on a skillet with peppers and onions. my first bite was very peculiar. i had no idea what this mystery meat was, but it was good. as the meal progressed, i started to suspect that i had ordered a tofu based dish and not a meat one; however, the mystery item i was eating did not have the same texture or base taste as any tofu which i had previously tried. regardless, the dish was good.\u000a\u000awe also shared a basket of naan which was delicious.\u000a\u000ai also noticed a reasonably sized buffet which seemed quite enticing.\u000a\u000aupon, post-dining research i have identified that i ordered the mumtaz paneer tikka which is a delicately marinated indian cheese. i will likely recommend to my friend and would recommend to any vegetarian or indian-cuisine enthusiast seeking a novel dish.
p313
aVjust went here with a friend for their dinner buffet (sundays and tuesdays end at 9pm) \u000athe food selection wasn't bad, pretty extensive actually (i recommend going). it wasn't expensive either, around 10 dollars. the only hangup was the food was a bit salty and there a surprising amount of meat dishes. so i guess if you like meat - then there are no complaints! \u000a\u000aother than their buffet, i've been here for their half off quite a bit and say that the portions are pretty big and the prices aren't bad after their half off. great for a poor college student like myself.
p314
aVdarn, it looks like india garden has been shut down by the health department before i ever even got to review how nasty it is! \u000a\u000athe half off late-night food was brilliant though.  i hope all india follows suit on that lone attribute. or i sincerely won't mind if they just take the steps necessary to re-open as a safe place to eat. the food was *extremely* greasy and less than fresh, but not as horrible as taste of india.
p315
aVi went here once on a date (date's choice, not mine) for dinner during a weeknight.  i believe i ordered one of the chicken dishes, and don't remember much about it, except that it was kind of greasy and flavorless.  what i do remember, however, was the lack of cleanliness in the place, which was noticeable.  the place was dark and dirty, to the point that i'm uncomfortable seeing in an eating establishment.  i also recall service being pretty inattentive, and the owner yelling at an employee.  this experience was enough for me; i won't be returning.  there are better indian options a few blocks away on n. craig.\u000a\u000aedit: as of 7/19, they are permanently closed due to repeated egregious health dept. violations--specifically, due to a recurring roach infestation.
p316
aVoh fuel and fuddle...  why don't you have waffle fries anymore?  my smashed potato pizza doesn't taste the same without the soft potato-ey goodness with the sharp creamy horseradish bite every now and then...\u000a\u000ano longer shall i brave the harsh cold winter nights waiting half an hour just to get a table to ease some late night munchies.  no longer shall i deal with your loud atmosphere and mediocre service.\u000a\u000aoh fuel and fuddle, you broke my heart.  you have forced me to rebound with mad mex and sharp edge.  farewell fuel and fuddle.....
p317
aVi've never gone to f&f for late-night, which is when the line can stretch out the door. however, the lunch menu is reasonably priced and the pizzas are amazing - some of my favorite anywhere.\u000a\u000aalso, f&f has a wide selection of beer, and even has a beer bible where you can fill out the beers you've tried.
p318
aVi used to frequent this establishment all the time, before loud & obnoxious college students began to annoy me that is. the beer selection is great and almost everything i've eaten has been good. but be warned that most things that go into that woodfire oven tend to come out burnt. keeping that in mind i usually got the veghead sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries. the sammie is served on a very thick bun, i like bread so it didn't really bother me. if you're watching your carbs you can get it downsized to a wrap instead. \u000a\u000ait's almost impossible to get in after dinner hours because of the half off deals, you'll have about an hour wait any evening of the week - outside, in the cold. the food is good but it's not that good.\u000a\u000aps - sorry for hating on the youngsters, i have embraced the fact that im just getting too old.
p319
aVi will always remember this restaurant fondly because it started my love affair of sweet potato fries.  they would mix the sweet and regular fries together and let me tell you, the regular fries were sorely neglected every time!  \u000a\u000afunny thing is, this place is such a college-y hang out, but it's actually a really great place to grab food in oakland.  plus, the over 21 crowd can enjoy the great beer selections they have on tap here.  i love places with a wide selections of beers on tap!  for some reason beer just tastes so.much.better out of a tap!\u000a\u000aall the wood grilled selections are fantastic! for apps....3 words: fire baked brie.  3 more words: to die for!  i've also always been a fan of the individual pizza's and the sierra grilled chicken salad for the lighter side (of me!).  the sammie's are also very good.  i'm always into a good portobello option, and the sandwich is fantastic with light balsamic drizzled on top.  \u000a\u000aannnnnnnd bargain time for poor hungry college students and people who still act like poor hungry college students (maybe me).  it's half price food after 11 pm.  i may not have went to school in oakland, but we would stuff ourselves (literally sometimes 7 people) into one tiny car to have some late night bites.  seriously, there's a lot i do for food and being squished inside a car for a 10 minute drive is totally worth it here!
p320
aVthis is one of the few locations in oakland that, at the very least appears, to be able to pass a sanitation inspection in my native county. the cleanliness along with upbeat college environment makes it a spot that i enjoy going to eat at as opposed to ordering takeout.\u000a\u000afuel & fuddle also has a wide selection of beers and has some pretty sweet late night deals (i think half off). the menu is also quite extensive featuring a mix of finger and utensil food. the quality of the items does seems to be consistent as i've been satisfied with all the entrees that i've tried so far with my favorite being the fish sandwich.
p321
aVa staple on my pittsburgh food rotation, especially when i lived in oakland. it would get 3 stars if it wasn't for their half-price late night special which brings the food to a price that is so ridiculously cheap that it feels almost wrong. plus a great beer selection--i loooove their house fire brick brown ale, brewed by smuttynose.\u000a\u000afavorite things on the menu: wings (seriously addictive bleu cheese, but unfortunately no celery), amazing sweet potato fries, and the chipotle polka--spicy mini-pierogies loaded with cheese, bacon, carmelized onions, and sour cream.\u000a\u000aavoid: the burgers are terrible, which is weird since they share ownership with burgatory. also not a fan of the too-sweet pizza dough.\u000a\u000ago before the half-price special starts at 11pm to put your name in for a table, or be prepared for a loooooong wait among lots of undergrads.
p322
aVthis is definitely a college student geared restaurant. so if you like that kind of environment then yes, this is the place for you.  \u000a\u000ai personally wasn't impressed by the waitstaff, atmosphere, or the food for that matter. i had the portobello mushroom sandwich and asked myself what it was.  the sandwich had nothing of substance besides the huge roll of bread it came on. i took off the singular shriveled piece of lettuce that came with the blackened burger and ate my sweet potato fries instead.  \u000anow, that is something that you should go for! the sweet potato fries are perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. they aren't dripping with oil like other places so i don't feel like a total glutton. \u000a\u000ai remember coming here my freshman year for their half off and ordering their famous mashed potato pizza.  it was a good time, i tried ordering it again when my friend invited me for dinner and couldn't finish the darn thing.
p323
aVthis has been a go to place for me since college.  i haven't been in a while and heard they added some new menu items. this place never disappoints as the service is quick and the food always tasty.  this is also the place to go if you are looking for a unique beer to try as they always have a great selection of drafts. i went with the blue point pumpkin which is one of the better pumpkin beers.  the pizzas are always a good choice as they are baked in a fire brick oven. it was between the smashed potato (highly recommend) which i always get and the flying buffalo. i went with the flying buffalo which was topped with pieces of wings, celery and blue cheese. delicious!  also a neat thing about this restaurant is they give you a fortune cookie with your bill. i foresee another great dinner at fuel very soon!
p324
aVone things i miss about being a college student in pittsburgh is this place. it's hard to find any other city where you get half price and delicious food in large quantities this late at night.\u000a\u000alate night starts from 11pm-1am when the kitchen closes. during this time, mostly everything is half off except for some of the big platters, seafood dishes, and drinks.\u000a\u000arecommendations:\u000awings - messy but so good, i always go with the standard buffalo but the other flavors are great too, wings are large, crispy, and juicy.\u000a\u000adip sticks - definitely pay that $1 extra and add the mozz. great rosemary flatbread and marinara sauce. cheese makes it even better.\u000a\u000aroll-a-fatty - kind of like a calzone but better because it's half off and you get extra marinara sauce to dip.\u000a\u000apizzas - a little bigger than a personal pan, but easily finished by one person. i like the classic maggie and all the ones with lots of meat. my friends always get the smashed potato, but i've never liked it since it tastes likes salad on a pizza.\u000a\u000ai've never been here not during late night so no idea how it is during normal hours, but it's always been crowded every time i've been here.it's especially crowded on thurs-sat. because of all the college students. don't be surprised with up to an hour's wait. best time to go though is to get there either around 10:30pm to wait in line for late night to begin, or around 12-12:30pm right before their kitchen closes.
p325
aVi've been here several times, most recently nov. of last year.  fuel and fuddle is one of those restaurants you go to expecting to have a great time, and that you'll enjoy the food because of that (ahem, mad mex).  while the food here is decent, i wouldn't say that it's anything to write home about, in particular.  the smashed potato pizza is pretty good, esp. with rosemary chicken on top, as are the "skinny" dip, nachos, and sweet potato fries.  i really think people come here to drink, more than anything else.  i'm not a beer drinker, so i can't comment on the beer (which is what most people seem to order), but some of their mixed drinks are interesting.  they have one that's mint flavored that i especially enjoy (forget what it's called)--but then again, i'm one of those weirdos who enjoys mint-flavored drinks (cf. my review on union pig and chicken).  overall, a fun place to come with a group or a few friends to get some drinks and munchies, but don't expect gastropub-quality eats.
p326
aVa nice place to stop in for a beer in oakland. a drawback for me is that it typically draws the younger college crowds, particularly on the weekends- and it's a relatively smaller place so it gets absolutely packed. and while the beer selection is typically good to very good, i stopped by twice in the last week and they don't have any pumpkin beers on tap! come on, guys; it's the best time of year for seasonal beer...
p327
aVah, fuel & fuddle. fuel & fuddle was one of my college dining favorites - but since i'm no longer a student, i wondered when i stopped in today if the place would be as good as i remembered. it was - woo!\u000a\u000aa friend and i came by for dinner after a day at the museums, and as previous pitt students the noise and collection of young diners didn't surprise us - we just got our seat and raised our voices so we could hear each other as we talked. while looking at the menu i was surprised by how many beers and ciders and whatnot they offered; the last time i ate here i was under 21, so i didn't remember this at all. i saw that the portobello sandwich i'd eaten here previously was still on the menu (ah, good times), but figured it would be nice to try a few other things. so my friend and i each ordered a burger (his made with regular beef, mine a black bean patty) and decided to split their rollafatty.\u000a\u000athe rollafatty appetizer is basically two mini pepperoni rolls, served with a side of sauce. very greasy, very cheesy, and very yummy - i'm glad i split it, though. then our main courses came out on that were plates 100% covered by our food. i think the burgers were pretty standard restaurant sized burgers, and the other half of our plates were full with a mix of regular and sweet potato fries. the fries, while a bit salty, were absolutely delicious; so was my black bean burger, the garden of eat'n. i love black bean sandwiches and appetizers in general, and this one was covered in pesto sauce and mixed with other burger toppings - very yummy! i loved what i ate but ultimately left with about a third of my sandwich and most of my fries (plus my friend's - he didn't want them), as neither of us could finish our entire meals. i doubt we could have even if we skipped the rollafatty appetizer.\u000a\u000agraduate or not, i'm definitely still a fan of fuel & fuddle - it's not fine dining but it's good pub-restaurant (burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, salads, etc.) and they have a great selection of drinks, and the service is generally really quick given the crowds they bring in. of course, if you stop in while school's in session you will have to share your eating space with students - so as long as you're ok with that, i recommend stopping in to eat here sometime. the sweet potato fries alone are worth it!
p328
aVi wanted to like this place - i miss good chinese (or taiwanese, i grew up with it all) food!  i am not as impressed with this restaurant as other people seem to be, but that may be because my mother cooks better food.  it's just ok.
p329
aVthe food is good, portions are small if you're doing family style. if you're looking for a place that serves chicken balls in pineapple sauce, don't come here. i only say that, bec. there was a family at the next table to me complaining about their food to the waiter. there was nothing wrong w/ their food, but i think they thought it was going to be something else. \u000a\u000aone caveat. when someone says that rose tea cafe has the best bubble tea in pittsburgh, that doesn't mean much. if you like the bubble teas made from powdered mixes, you might like it. however, i prefer fresh fruit juice bubble teas, which no one in pittsburgh seems to do.
p330
aVcan't say i agree with the "authentic" claims that other people have made for this place.  while it has some of the more palatable chinese food i've had in pittsburgh so far, it was not a meal that i felt satisfied the unbearable ache i've been feeling in my stomach for good chinese food that i've had since moving here from california.\u000a\u000afor one thing, no authentic taiwanese breakfast.  \u000a\u000afor another thing, ma po tofu, in my recollection, involves not only tofu but also minced pork.  we got some tofu floating in a sea of thick sauce that was... not... ma po... tofu...\u000a\u000acurry over rice was pretty good.  again, i'm not saying that place is bad.  but seriously folks.  this isn't authentic chinese food.
p331
aVrose tea cafe has truly gone down the tubes since the days i was in college, when it first opened. i remember the hype of "the first good bubble tea place in pittsburgh" and it really did live up to being just that. then i would come here and get my fix of beef noodle soup, rice with braised pork, rice with pork chops, sausage fried rice, etc. and leave pretty happy. \u000a\u000abut no longer. i came here this past week (nov 2008) and was very much disappointed. perhaps if i came without the expectation of it being pretty good, i might have given this place 3 stars. but, the let down is not forgivable and i fear that i will opt never to come back here again. and to think, i used to rave about this place to other people?!! the food was excessively oily, with no distinguishable flavors except salt and soy sauce. the service was pretty pathetic too. besides the employees, i think i only saw one other table of chinese people out of a pretty full restaurant. that should've tipped me off in the first place!\u000a\u000aso, please do not call this place authentic taiwanese food. ugh, the good ratings for this place kind of makes me wanna puke.
p332
aVrose tea cafe use to be a lot better when i first started going there.  it has gone downhill ever since with decreased quality, decreased portions, and increased prices.  the only things i would get there now are only select items off its taiwanese/chef special section: stir fried chinese watercress, short ribs w/ black pepper, eggplant w/ pork, and country style spareribs.  their taiwanese chunk chicken is decent but way overpriced, their pork intestine dishes are pretty good, but also ridiculously overpriced.  rose tea cafe is the only place (that i know of) in pittsburgh that offers stinky tofu, but i'd rather wait until i can travel to another city or country where there its better.  i would not touch the items off their front page daily meal specials unless i don't have a large appetite and also want a bubble tea, as there is a $1 discount off bubble teas with the meal special.\u000a\u000ait is definitely worth trying, but not worth putting into a restaurant rotation.
p333
aVone of the best restaurants i've been to in the pittsburgh area. friendly service, nice atmosphere, excellent food, and reasonable prices. their chicken noodle soup is hands down the best i've ever had (great when you have a cold!), and the shrimp lo mein is to die for. rose tea also has a huge selection of bubble tea drinks which have been (mostly) to my liking.
p334
aVjust a disclaimer: i have only been here once for the food, and i'm not an expert on taiwanese cuisine by any means. i'll have to try again and update!\u000a\u000aso for some reason, i have a lot of taiwanese friends, and i found myself eating at the only taiwanese restaurant in state college quite often when i went to penn state. rose tea cafe, for me, didn't exactly measure up to that. i know i'm super lame, but i wish they had more noodle-based dishes, so that was a little disappointing for me. i ended up ordering the spicy short ribs. i really, really loved the sauce on them, a little sweet almost like a general tso's but spicier and and the portion size was huge! however, when i think short ribs, i think of tender meat and delicious, soft fat. these were rather tough and the fat was chewy and inedible. but like i said, the sauce was amazing, so i'm definitely going to give this place another shot. all the weird things like intestines and smelly tofu and cuttlefish balls on the menu make me want to love it for authenticity's sake. also, dinner service was extremely fast!\u000a\u000ai do come here often for the boba tea, which is probably the best in the city. the first time i went, i decided to be "adventurous" and get something that consisted of non-dairy creamer, egg, boba, and green apple syrup. bad idea, but that was my fault. i should've taken the facial expression of the woman at the counter when i ordered as a warning.  next time i just did the black milk tea. much better!
p335
aVrose tea cafe has fantastic bubble tea. the food is good, but not extraordinary, but portions are generous, and service is fast.\u000a\u000ain sum, while there are better taiwanese restaurants in pittsburgh, rose tea cafe is worth the trip for the bubble tea alone.
p336
aVbetter than lulu's but still just average. yummy bubble tea gives this establishment a slight edge over its competitors. given the option between rose tea and zaw's, i would choose zaw's any day of the week.
p337
aVi've gotten takeout from here once, and also came in for lunch one day, so i think i can safely call this four-star food.  when we got take out, the only thing i can remember for sure that we ordered was the shredded beef with chinese hot pepper, and it was spicy!  i remember we needed a lot of beverage along with that one.  we really liked it though, and i remember it was fresh-tasting compared to most take-out.\u000a\u000awhen i came in for lunch, i arrived right when they open for the day (i want to say 1130 am on a monday).  i was really excited to have bubble tea, but they said it wasn't available yet - they have to make the tapioca pearls, or let them cool, or something like that.  bummer!  but i can't argue with that, i don't want hot, malformed bubbles in my tea.  so wait an hour after they open if you want boba.\u000a\u000athe menu was huge, and descriptionless, so it's pretty hard to figure out what you want.  just take a guess.  i went for the ma po spicy bean curd, which is vegetarian (although i think, traditionally, there is also meat in the dish).  the portion was massive, both hot in temperature and spice level.  the beautiful steaming bowl was filled with soft, almost creamy tofu, and vegetables (frozen ones) swimming in sauce.  i have to say, it was pretty darn good.  i didn't even miss the meat or wish that the vegetables hadn't come from a bag.  there was so much food, i ate ma po tofu for nearly three meals.  it's a bargain.  the server was very nice too, prompt and helpful.\u000a\u000acan't wait to come back, try more things on the menu, and get bubble tea!
p338
aVexcellent bubble tea. good service, and very good food. i have tried all the bubble tea places in the area, and rose tea is the best. very authentic taiwanese cuisine.
p339
aVi ate here a few saturday nights ago with my girlfriend for dinner.  i have been coming here for the past five years or so, more often than not for their bubble tea and have only ever eaten here once before.  the inside of the restaurant is fairly small but not overly crowded which is nice.  on one side of the restaurant is an enclosed counter where you can order food to go or watch them make the bubble tea and the rest of the restaurant is made up of tables and chairs.\u000a\u000afor my dinner entrée i decided to have something a little different than my normal selections and went with the chicken and broccoli in a black pepper sauce.  whenever the dish came out it looked exactly as i would have expected with some broccoli and chicken in a dark brown sauce that had visible pepper in it and side of rice.  the sauce was good but not nearly as spicy as i was expecting based upon the little chili pepper that was next to it on the menu.  it paired well with the chicken and broccoli and i ended up thoroughly enjoying my meal.  i especially enjoyed that my broccoli was cooked just right and was crispy instead of being overcooked and mushy.  my girlfriend also enjoyed her meal which was the eggplant in garlic sauce.  her eggplant was also cooked nicely and the sauce was very similar to the one that i had except instead of the pepper it seemed to have a nice garlic flavor.  before we left i also ordered a large green lemon bubble tea which i enjoyed on the way home.  they always seem to make it perfectly with a not too sweet flavor that goes well with the citrus and ample amounts of tapioca pearls at the bottom which get you through the entire drink.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i will definitely head back here in the future.  with how good my food tasted i can see myself coming here more often and not just because i love the bubble tea.
p340
aVi've been here twice for dinner so far and the first time i ordered a typical chinese dish which i think was a lo mein but it was pretty bland and the sauce was too thick.  the second time i came i ordered from the spicy beef kim chi soup from the chef's specialties section of the menu and it was amazing.  it came out simmering on an individual hot pot and the beef was really tasty and it was flavored perfectly.  they do have a really extensive menu, also with some interesting authentic taiwanese options i'd like to go back and try.  i wanted to get just a simple hot tea with my meal but i was informed they didn't have a "house tea" and directed to the special tea section of the menu which only included bubble teas and other fancy teas for over $3 each.  would be nice to just be able to get a simple cup of hot tea, which many asian restaurants provide included with your meal.  service is hit or miss, perhaps depending on how busy they are.  seating area is pretty small with tables close together.
p341
aVi don't know if i should owe my friend for taking me here or be mad at him. i'm addicted now. addicted to bubble tea!!\u000a\u000acan you believe i've never had it before? i've had thai iced tea, which i absolutely love, but never bubble tea. dear lord was i missing out! all this time... wasted.\u000a\u000ai haven't even eaten here yet, but i'll be stopping back for their delicious tea. i ordered the coconut one, but i spied many many other flavors i wanted to try. there's even smoothies and milkshakes. i could spend months going through their drink menu alone.\u000a\u000amaybe i'll even eat here next time... stay tuned!
p342
aVgreat place to go to if you're craving taiwanese food in pittsburgh. not as good or as cheap as food you can get in flushing but that's expected.\u000a\u000ascallion pancake w. beef - beef rolled in a crispy scallion pancake with a sauce that tastes like hoisin sauce or tian mian jiang. one of my favorites here.\u000a\u000abeef w. chinese water spinach in sa-cha sauce - don't get this. tasted good but was overcharged. paid $17 when chinese water spinach costs less than $3 and the beef probably cost like $2. \u000a\u000asan bei ji - decent. had lots of basil but could be more salty.\u000a\u000astir fried smelled bean curd w. basil - i love stinky tofu so i thought this was really good. the leftovers really stunk up my mini-fridge afterwards though.\u000a\u000afish w/ black bean sauce - one of my favorites\u000a\u000asauteed sliced pork w. leeks - it's not actually leeks but the green garlic or garlic shoots. always like this dish but probably unhealthy because the sliced pork is fatty pork.\u000a\u000apork chop over rice - one of the specials here i always get. the fried pork cutlet is well marinated and comes with minced pork over rice and pickled vegetables.\u000a\u000afried chicken cutlet over rice - also one of their specials. comes with the same things as the pork chop over rice. the chicken is well marinated and the skin is crispy.\u000a\u000acurry beef over rice - japanese curry. has a lot of onions.\u000a\u000asauteed sliced pork w. kim chi - kimchi with fatty pork. delicious.\u000a\u000athe bubble tea here is good if a little sweet. i always get their lychee green tea with jelly.
p343
aVi know the critical reviews about this place are usually positive so i tried to go in with an open mind every time. this place is loved and a quick go to when trying to pick a proper chinese restaurant. \u000a\u000ahowever, no matter how hard i try, i don't think that it's all it has been cracked up to be. their food is okay and sometimes too salty. i think that while the dishes are authentic, it isn't done well enough for the price you pay for it. i am usually a bit disappointed after leaving this place. the place is small and cramped and you can tell that they didn't put much effort into making it be aesthetically pleasing.
p344
aVi can't believe i haven't reviewed this place yet!\u000a\u000athis is one of my favorite takeout restaurants. the food is always consistently delicious and i love the kumquat lime tea boba!\u000a\u000asome of my favorite dishes are the stir fried rice cakes and the sweet and sour pork. i keep wanting to try other items, but i love these so much it is hard!
p345
aVthe food is edible, especially when my standards were lower as a college student, but i wouldn't order from there anymore. it's your normal take-out chinese place, so you would think that it could get at least 2 stars. let's just say they get 2 stars for food, but 0 for cleanliness, so it averages out to a 1 star rating.\u000a\u000ai actually have an awful story about this place, but it's too disgusting to share publicly. if you want to know, i'd be happy to share privately, but i won't take any responsibility for your upchuck reflexes.
p346
aVoverly greasy chinese take out. there are much better options in the area so please check those (rose tea cafe, ka mei, zaw's, new dumpling house, sun penang - just to name a few) first.\u000a\u000asome co-workers and i ordered from here on easter, as it was one of the only places open. no one was happy with their order. comments ranged from "ehh, i've had better" to "gross". my hot & sour soup was congealed and disgusting.
p347
aVanother week, another squirrel hill chinese restaurant to try.  seriously, there's practically one for every week of the year.  how lee was our choice because we had an allmenus coupon code for $10 off, so that was essentially a free entree.  sold!  we ordered a scallion pancake, which i haven't had in years and was essentially dreaming about all this time, the triple  szechuan delight (shrimp, beef, vegetables in "brown sauce"), and chicken fried rice because we're cool.\u000a\u000awhen we went to pick it up, the place was packed.  lots of asian families eating big pots of delicious looking food, and lots of white people standing around waiting for take out.  sounds like this is one of those places with an american menu, and a chinese menu.  we are pretty adventurous eaters typically, but since this was our first time at how lee, we figured we'd start simple.  we waited about 10 more minutes after getting there, and i had to fight through the crowds to get to the front to pick up my food.  so it took about 25 minutes total for the food to be ready - kind of a while, but given the crowd i'm not surprised.\u000a\u000awe took the food home, and nommed it.  i loved the scallion pancake - they're really simple and i've never had one that was different than any other, but the greasy, crispy consistency keeps me coming back.  yum!  fried rice was okay - i've had it better at other places (i think i liked it a lot at pacific ring).  my boyfriend really liked the szechuan dish - it was only a little bit spicy, and the sauce did have the glossy chinese food consistency, but the taste was pretty good.  portions were big and lasted us for several meals.\u000a\u000amaybe next time we'll try something a little more adventurous, and hopefully be rewarded with deliciousness!
p348
aVthis is my go to place for takeout chinese. they do americanized chinese food quite well, and they're always friendly and quick. i wish i could read their chinese menu, though. the food that they prepare in restaurant off that menu (not the takeout english one) looks and smells absolutely amazing. if you know how to ask for it, do it!
p349
aVthe hubster and i finally made it in here to make a comparison between china star and how lee. the service here is incredibly friendly and accommodating, and they clearly are used to dealing with english speaking clientele.\u000a\u000asurprisingly, the servers were cantonese. i liked this because i could speak with them without much trouble, but this is where i thought the food might have been a bit lacking. we got our usual, which is fish fillets in spicy broth and pea shoots. the pea shoots were a bit on the tough side (might just have been due to what was available) and we were able to get the fish fillets a bit more mild than usual. maybe getting it mild was where we went wrong - sad to say, but the fish fillets at china star are significantly better. allow me to explain just a bit - the fish fillet dish at how lee's was a bit ... cantonesed (i.e., they had thickened up the soup base with corn starch, which is a pretty typical cantonese thing to do). also, the fish fillets were a bit on the doughy side, which i think probably had everything to do with the fish they used. \u000a\u000aanyway, this is not a crazy indictment - it was still really good chinese food, especially by pittsburgh standards. i especially liked it because i could actually speak with the servers. but if you're looking for really authentic szechuan food, i'd recommend china star over this.
p350
aVa good friend of my husband's and mine said that this restaurant was the "best chinese restaurant in pittsburgh," so the three of us decided to give it a try today. from driving by the outside, the restaurant doesn't look like much. the inside was a bit nicer than i had expected, and i was impressed by the service. all of our food came out very quickly, and we received water refill offers at least 5 times.\u000a\u000awe split a crab rangoon appetizer, and it was absolutely delicious. i will definitely be craving those cream cheese filled dumplings some time very soon. for my entree, i ordered the sweet and sour chicken combination platter. it was very tasty and a very good quality. for the food we received - and the squirrel hill location - i thought the prices were very reasonable. i hope to return again very soon!
p351
aVwe were seated immediately on the late side on a sunday for dinner though the place was packed and ordered the following, all off the sichuan menu:\u000adan dan noodles\u000ashredded potatoes and green chili peppers (these look like nothing when they arrive but they taste like salty french fries but w/o the crunch!)\u000ashredded pork with garlic sauce\u000a\u000agood food/service so no complaints here.\u000a\u000aleftovers tasted just as good the next day, and it appeared people like to do take out too.
p352
aVone of my suite mates from china said how lee was his favorite chinese restaurant in pittsburgh. upon his recommendation, we shared a family style dinner which included sweet & sour chicken, general tso's chicken, and two authentic chinese dishes which were not on the american version of the menu at the time we ordered.\u000a\u000aall of the entrees were great. my favorite was one of the authentic chinese dishes which had tilapia served in a thick oil sauce with fresh vegetables and very spicy dried peppers.
p353
aVmy roommate has been trying to make me go here for the longest time swearing by their food. \u000a\u000ai don't know what took me so long, but i believe that this is the best szechuan restaurant in the greater pittsburgh area. \u000ai went with my boyfriend to top off a rather exhausting day. we ordered spicy beef tendon, chongqing lazi chicken, and spicy eggplant and garlic. i don't even know why we ordered that much food because in all honesty we weren't that hungry. keeping this in mind, once our food came out we devoured all of it. it did take a few hours but we did it. perhaps the only thing i would change would be the amount of sauce that covered the eggplants, the eggplants were practically submerged. i usually like my eggplant with a lighter amount of sauce. \u000athe place was a bit pricier but the portions made up for it- the chef covered the whole surface of the plate. \u000athe service wasn't the greatest, but they were nice enough.
p354
aVone of the places to go for hot, oily, spicy food that makes up sichuan cuisine. the other place is sichuan gourmet. both are on par with each other.\u000a\u000aonly get things from the sichuan menu. the americanized chinese takeout is not worth it.\u000a\u000adishes i recommend:\u000a\u000adandan noodles\u000afu qi fei pian - beef, tripe, and tongue in chili oil\u000amao xue wang - pork blood, tofu, intestines, tripe and all matter of good things\u000ashui zhu yu - fish cooked in spicy broth (one of the most popular dishes)\u000achuan bei liang fen - bean jelly in spicy sauce\u000aanything with pork belly
p355
aVi was bummed out from the very start of this meal.  i went to dine at how lee's around 12:30pm and to my dismay they were only serving the lunch menu.  i ordered the shrimp and scallops which was served with a soup i choose the wanton soup.  \u000a\u000amy shrimp and scallops came out a little too fast like no sooner had my choice left my lips did the food arrive at my table.  there were literally only 3 other patrons in the restaurant and i don't know why the chef felt the need to nook my food.  \u000a\u000ai can get better tasting and more freshly prepared chinese food from china taste on east ohio street. \u000a\u000amy star rating can potentially go higher after i have had an opportunity to sample how lee's dinner menu.
p356
aVthis has got to be my favorite sushi place in pittsburgh.  it's small, so be early or be prepared for a wait to get a table.  or, just order to go!  the service is hit or miss, but in general good.  i think most of my problem encounters have been when i have ordered to go.  \u000a\u000athe sushi is smazing, my personal fave - the spicy tuna hand roll.  and the prices are fairly reasonable.  i've had a lot on the menu, and can't say there is anything that i wouldn't recommend.  one of the major highlights of the sushi experience here is the freshly grated horseradish/wasabi.  it makes the experience totally different from the expected wasabi paste.  please, just don't do what my mom did - not believing me in how the wasabi should be used (dip your sushi into the soy sauce that add some freshly grated horseradish onto your piece of suchi), she did what she normally does with wasabi - dumped it into her vat of soy sauce.  not a good idea - it washes out the flavor and don't expect the good stuff when asking for more wasabi.  they'll take one look, shake their head internally, and give you the cheap paste the next time round.  \u000a\u000aenjoy!!!!
p357
aVexcellent sushi and sashimi. very cozy and be prepared to wait. the wait staff can be quite charming if you prove yourself. don't be a newb by mixing your wasabi into your soy sauce.
p358
aVfantastic sushi!  pricey, but worth it.  fresh fish - the toro is to die for.  the dinners have not only your usual miso soup, salad, and rice combo that comes with bento boxes, but also chicken kaarage (fried chicken).\u000a\u000avery small, so be prepared to wait.  i can't wait to come back as a regular.
p359
aVchaya is very good.  not the best i've ever been to, but very good, especially for pittsburgh.  the ingredients are extremely fresh, and the place is run by a japanese family; something that's become rare in many places these days.  please go here over nakama, and don't use nakama as your "baseline" sushi experience.  \u000a\u000ait's affordable, and very authentic, and acceptable portion size.  granted, i haven't been to japan yet(on my to do list) but i consider myself well-versed on sushi.  fyi, if you take your wasabi and put it directly in your shoyu, please stop.  or at least don't write a sushi review!\u000a\u000athey also let you bring in outside wine, but they do charge a small corkage fee.
p360
aVexcellent sushi - overall one of the two best japanese restaurants i've ever been to.  (not that i'm a huge japanophile, but i thought their salad and fried chicken were incredible, and i know this is patronizing, but i appreciated being in a japanese place that's run by actual japanese.)\u000a\u000adining room is extremely cozy (meaning very small), so i wouldn't hit it if i want an intimate dinner, but it's a great place for a casual meal with awesome food.\u000a\u000ai'll be back soon for non-sushi dinner, and i'm highly confident that it will be good.
p361
aVafter nearly 4 years i've finally ventured out to chaya.  what took me so long?  i'm always mildly hesitant about seafood when i'm in a city not by the coast, but a man does what he's gotta do when he's got a craving.\u000a\u000athree of us ordered a roll combination platter to split as well as our own food.  i ordered yellowtail cheeks, my friend ordered eel, and my last friend is boring.\u000a\u000afirst came the salad.  it was pretty standard, but any sign of vegetation is a good thing for the college male.\u000a\u000anext up was their karaage.  ohmygoodness it was the best karaage i have ever had.  now i've never had karaage in japan, but lots of people hyped it up for me and i was scared it would be a letdown.  the flesh was so flavorful and juicy it completely blew my mind away and left me craving more as soon as it was over.  drool.\u000a\u000amiso soup was also pretty standard.\u000a\u000athe roll combination was a disappointment.  yes, we had it coming for ordering a platter of rolls, but it was only b/c the sushi/sashimi platters would have either been too big (the 70 dollar boats) or too small (the 10 piece combo's).  in retrospect we should have just ordered a la carte nigiri...  i noticed halfway through the meal they had anago available that night too...\u000a\u000amy yellowtail cheeks were delicious.  personally i love fish cheeks (as well as the part of fish right by the tail when i order fish whole).  it's super tender and rich and tastes so delicate.\u000a\u000amy end of the bill came out to be around 30, which was perfectly.  i would've been perfectly happy if we had dropped the roll combination and i had picked up a piece of toro and a piece of anago instead.\u000a\u000aservice was excellent and the their timing was impeccable; they have it all down to an art.  the next time i'm back i completely want to try their omakase.  in japanese it means "it's up to you" with "you" being the chef.\u000a\u000ai was slightly disappointed when i saw my companions throw their wasabi into soy sauce and completely mix it up.  that is not how sushi should be eaten.....
p362
aVif you're looking for "bang for the buck", only want sushi (and not other japanese food), and don't mind slightly less variety, tokyo in bloomfield should be your first stop.\u000a\u000aif you're looking for the best japanese food in pittsburgh, chaya is it.  this is the best japanese restaurant i've had the chance to try.  if you like sushi, you should go here and try this.\u000a\u000aeven in the new location, there's often a wait, so don't show up starving; that said, the wait is worth it, and the food is awesome.  we've yet to find a bad pick on the menu.\u000a\u000a5-stars; as good as it gets.
p363
aVsince we live a few blocks away from what many are calling the best sushi in pittsburgh, we felt it was our duty to try it asap!  we strolled in for a date night on a thursday around 6pm, and were seated immediately.  the restaurant is pretty small, so i'd imagine there can be quite a wait on weekends.  all the seats are pretty close together, so prepare to get cozy with your neighbors!  but it's not a big deal if you have a good attitude.\u000a\u000athe interior is bright, with lots of little japanese accents in the decor.  the servers wear kimonos and sandals, and were very helpful to us.  our server recommended an alternate appetizer, saying it was more popular (and, presumably better) then the one we had ordered - and she was right on the money!  also, a woman who i believe was the owner came around to check on us a few times, and she actually moved my soy sauce dish closer to my right hand, saying it would be easier for me that way.  it wasn't an intrusive gesture - it felt sort of like a kindly mother giving you a little pointer.\u000a\u000anot being interested in paying $2 per person for byob, we just had water and i had an iced green tea, which came in a can but was still very tasty.  we began with miso soup and salad, which was the standard fare that you can expect at any sushi place.  our appetizer was the "giant clam cooked in its shell" or something to that effect.  and indeed- out came a platter with a giant clam shell, with some sizzling bubbly goodness cooking inside it.  why was it sizzling?  oh, because it was on fire!  well, the clam wasn't on fire, but there was some fuel source on the plate, and there were beautiful flames licking the clam shell and making our appetizer bubble in a most delicious looking way.\u000a\u000anot only delicious looking but delicious tasting, we loved the appetizer.  the clam is cooked in some sort of spicy mayo sauce, and it was pretty darn delectable.  i was licking my plate with my finger to get all of the sauce after we had eaten all the clam pieces.  yummy!  i'd order that one again if i didn't want to try so many other things.\u000a\u000amost entrees looked expensive, so we decided to stick with sushi.  their roll selection is simple, and i'd imagine it is also traditional - no crazy rolls here, just fresh fish and vegetables prepared simply.  we enjoyed the sunrise eca roll (eel, cucumber, avocado), the mix roll (tuna, salmon, whitefish), and the tropical island roll (shrimp, tuna, avocado, and radish sprouts).  the rolls are small, just six standard size pieces, but it was plenty of food for us along with the appetizer, soup, and salad.  the sushi was very good, clearly fresh, and pleasant to eat.  the rice seemed a bit dry to me, and the presentation wasn't flashy like you see at other sushi restaurants, but it was a satisfying and highly inexpensive dinner!\u000a\u000ai think i would rather get sashimi and nigiri next time to really enjoy the quality of the fish, but the rolls were very good too.  our bill was only $30, but i know next time we will try new things and it will cost a bit more.  still, it was a lovely neighborhood restaurant with traditional, fresh food, and that's the kind of place where i'd like to return and give them more business.
p364
aVi used to love love this place. something is feeling a little off these days. i hope it's just not me. the sushis are as good as it gets. in my last visit, i got a toro (nigiri) and was quite disappointed. it was a thin slice of not so fresh toro for the same price that i paid for a fat piece of toro at an upscale place in dc. really chaya? other than that, it is good. highly recommend staying away from the "fancy" rolls. devote the space in your tummy for the simpler stuff. chaya does that really really well. my japanese friend is a fan of chaya. that feedback means a lot!
p365
aVchaya is going to be on my go to list for japanese food. service was nice and the food was good at a very great price. we arrived at about 8pm on a saturday night and only waited for a few minutes. they gave us some moist toilettes to cleanse our hands. we were craving sushi, udon and tempura. i thought i would have to choose one or two of the three though we spotted the sushi and tempura udon combination for two - perfect. there was a lot of food: salad w/ ginger dressing, an assortment of about a dozen sushi rolls (i was pretty full by then..), tempura, some fried chicken pieces and then a bowl of udon. i was stuffed! and all of this food for the two of us was only $35. woot!! my only gripe was that the wasabi was very mushy.
p366
aVi'm giving this 5 stars because i'm comparing it to other japanese/sushi restaurants in pittsburgh. having lived in seattle last year if i were comparing to everywhere i've been i would probably rate it 3 stars but good sushi is hard to find here.  my friend and i shared a sushi/sashimi combo and ordered a couple of rolls.  everything was very good and seemed fresh.  portions and prices were decent.  definitely a good value for the price.  not the best quality sushi i've ever had, but for pittsburgh it's the best i've seen so far, but i haven't tried umi yet which seems to be a lot pricier.  ambiance was nice and service was good.  food came out quickly.  i appreciated the other reviews on here alerting me that the restaurant was byob and so i came prepared with my own beer.  i kind of like that aspect of this place since japanese places that do serve beer usually have a pretty limited selection.
p367
aVgreat place to go to for japanese food in pittsburgh! it is more on the pricey end but it is worth it. the chef, waiters, and owner are actually japanese instead of chinese so this isn't your typical chinese-japanese fusion restaurant. some of their daily special fishes are flown in from japan so of course very expensive.\u000a\u000atheir sushi is very fresh but i always order their tonkatsu dinner. the dinner comes with a cutlet, rice,  kara-age fried chicken, soup and salad for $16-17. perfect for sharing if you want to same some money.\u000a\u000aone of my favorites is their udon. the nabeyaki udon comes with two shrimp tempura that are nice and crispy. it's also full of vegetables (i think it might have been enoki mushrooms, napa cabbage, shitake mushrooms, tong ho). the broth was wonderful and the noodles had a great texture.\u000a\u000ai've also tried their omakase mini kaiseki dinner which was $47 a person. this is where i deduct a star. it was both expensive and not worth the price. the sushi and sashimi they give you for this are average whereas i know some places in manhattan give you all different kinds in their omakase for less. the broiled fish was also a little dry. i won't say the food wasn't good because it was, but the quality definitely doesn't match the price.\u000a\u000afor dessert i recommend the green tea ice cream. they roll little rolls of green tea ice cream in matcha powder. the mochi ice cream is also delicious. both are kind of overpriced but perfect to end the meal.
p368
aVi stumbled in here by accident.  i missed the door to my favorite squirrel hill pizza joint by a couple doors.  boy, am i glad i did.  my pizza pie here was awesome.  and the people that work here are great.  john tried to talk me out of that darn pineapple, but no way!  i told him a wanted a piece in every night.  he delivered.  the sauce is mighty fine and john was very generous with it.  the cheese completely buried all my topping.  delicious.  and don't get me started on that crust.  it was nice and soft and had a lot of body.  no greasy pizza here.  michael was like a mad man with the pizza cutter.  i think there was some pent up aggression going on there.  i love this place.  i couldn't eat this pizza fast enough to take in all the great flavor.  yum yum yum yum yum!
p369
aVbeing disappointed by one of their neighboring pizza places, i went in here not expecting much better, but i was wrong.  this was one of the best slices i've ever had.  i'm so glad this place is right around the corner from me.\u000a\u000a(i still wish these places took credit cards, though.)
p370
aVits decent but we prefer mineos.
p371
aVbeer and pizza make me happy.\u000a\u000aaiello's decor is bright and clean - inviting you to come in and i like how all of their cooking and baking is done in front of the customer. we ordered a small hawaiian and grabbed some beers. the small is more than enough for two people. aiello's puts on ample toppings - this one had pineapple, ham and bacon. what was most notable to me was that the crust was crisp which was absolutely delicious especially with a few air bubbles. even after sitting for a couple of minutes, the middle of the pie held up and did not get soggy. also some of the bacon had some crunchiness and wasn't buried in cheese. major points for me.\u000a\u000athe staff were friendly and laid back however aiello's is cash only. they have an atm in the store. \u000a\u000ai'll be back but not before trying mineo's.
p372
aVi was excited by the rave reviews of this pizza joint, but somewhat disappointed. what's the deal with pittsburgh pizza restaurants and canned toppings? if i order mushrooms, i want them to be fresh!\u000a\u000ato be fair, the crust and sauce were fine, and i think the meat pizzas are probably ok. if i went back, i would probably stick with cheese pizza.
p373
aVseveral months ago, i ordered a white pie with stewed tomatoes from aiello's for take out.  because i was serving four people, i went with the extra large (18"), which ran about $25.  the size of the pie was more than sufficient--in fact, i ended up with left overs.  when i called to order, the guy i spoke to told me to allow 40 min.\u000a\u000ai was excited to try this pizza given its pgh cred.  in general, i'd call myself a fan of it, though i wouldn't call it the best pizza i've ever had, or even the best pizza i've had in pgh.  honestly, it's hard for me to compare this pizza to others i've tried in pgh, given that most of them were standard margherita pies, and this was a white one.  having said that, aiello's pie was better than many of the mediocre pies i've tried around town.  the crust was nice and crispy, and the savory cheese and garlic base was complemented well by the juiciness and hint of sweetness of the stewed tomatoes.  my only major complaint was that the base of the pizza was rather dry, as at least one other reviewer has pointed out.  the juiciness of the stewed tomatoes definitely mitigated this shortcoming, however, so i'd recommend them as a topping.\u000a\u000aoverall, aiello's makes a solid and tasty, though rather expensive, pie.  if you're a fan of white or margherita pizza, i'd recommend the version i ordered.  based on my experience, i'd order from them again if i happen to be hungry for pizza in squirrel hill.
p374
aVi give bangkok balcony 3 stars, bec. i think generally it's one of the more  overrated restaurants. the food isn't bad, it just isn't the best thai in the city. portions are on the small side and the restaurant is pretty noisy. i've been there at least 3 times. the service can be uneven to the point of really horrible.\u000a\u000ait's also not the freshest or most authentic thai food in the city. the massaman curry had a strange sour taste. the green curry was a little better. the coconut soup was okay, but was an extremely small portion. the pad thai was not bad, but i don't go to a restaurant to eat street food. it was the typical oily sweet mess of noodles you find it most places. i would not recommend this place for a romantic dinner.
p375
aVi remember when bangkok balcony still opened. i was a college student at cmu, right down forbes avenue. lemongrass used to be in that location, and it was pretty good. so, i was wondering what the new place would bring. well, at that point i was pleasantly surprised by the renovated restaurant still making good use of the 2nd floor windows overlooking forbes avenue. the food was tasty and, coupled with the fact that it was close by, i remember coming here all the time. someone's birthday? bangkok balcony! stress relief from finals? bangkok balcony! hungry and procrastinating? bangkok balcony! \u000a\u000ai went back for the first time in many years this past week and was let down. the food just wasn't what i remembered it to be. it's still okay, and for someone who doesn't walk in with high expectations, it probably will do. i had a very safe dish - the penang curry, which was decent but there are better ones in pittsburgh (thai cuisine in liberty, for one). the rice wasn't really that good either - and really, how do you f*&k up rice? two of my dining friends had the pad see ew, which they really didn't like. one of them said "it tastes sour, like vinegar." while i'm no expert about what ingredients should go into pad see ew, the look on her disappointed face told me the vinegar taste was not appreciated. \u000a\u000aoverall i would give it 3 stars because i think a lot of the experience was tainted by high expectations. even tho i still like the location and feel of the restaurant, i don't think i'll be going back because i just don't want to waste a good meal. i can enjoy myself much more with the pad thai from spice island, or the curry from thai cuisine. \u000a\u000aoh - and yes i admit that i have f*%&ed up rice before, but i don't cook and make other people pay to eat it. restaurants don't have the same leeway!
p376
aVhad a nice dinner here on a sunday evening and was surprised that the restaurant provided live entertainment in the form of thai dancers. all the food we ordered was delicious, especially the pumpkin curry which had nice large chunks of pumpkin in it. as this restaurant is located on the second story, the best seats are near the window looking out over forbes avenue. the people sitting at the table next to us ordered a whole fish which was somewhat alarming to look at but apparently tasty to eat! no complaints really, highly recommended.
p377
aVincredible!\u000a\u000ai had the pumpkin soup - a favorite of mine - this was the second best i've had. (#1 belongs to abay). i also had the tofu platter, veggies were spot on, cooked until soft but still retaining shape, color, and texture.\u000a\u000amy companion had the vegetable coconut soup which was overflowing with all sorts of veggies and the broth was just heavenly. he also ordered mussaman chicken curry which consisted of big chunks of chicken and potatoes that were simmered in the sweet yet spicy mussaman sauce.  i actually ended up dipping my veggies in his sauce, it was so wonderful.\u000a\u000awe both got a spice level 9 which provided just enough heat without making your nose run. the staff were friendly and efficient. can't wait to go back.
p378
aVevery time i go to pittsburgh and i want thai food (which is often) we come here. the food is not terrible. the pad thai is a little on the sweet side and i feel like they play it safe with flavors. the decor is a plus and they are very well equipped to handle large families and groups. check it out though.
p379
aVi've been to a lot of thai restaurants, and bangkok balcony is a favorite in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000abeing a pumpkin lover, my first choice was obvious--the tofu pumpkin curry! and a good choice it was. thick, hearty, very pumpkiny, and very spicy. usually 8/10 is a comfortable level of spice for me, but this definitely got my sinuses going. no complaints from me! the portion was large and the dish was very heavy. the tofu helped to balance it out a little, but i still had a lot to take home. still, this had to be one of my favorite thai dishes anywhere, ever.\u000a\u000aanother of my favorites here is the mussel fritters. it's basically a bunch of deep fried mussels on a bed of beansprouts with a pad thai-like sauce. delicious!\u000a\u000atheir panang curry, unfortunately, is thin and bland, and i also wasn't too impressed with the fresh spring rolls. they weren't terrible, but you can get much better at most other thai places in the 'burgh. but the pumpkin curry...! i gotta give the place props.
p380
aVbangkok balcony = nom.  i've never eaten in here, but i've gotten take out twice and it was awesome both times.\u000a\u000awe ordered a ton of food to feed five of us last week, and still enjoyed a few days of leftovers.  we got.....\u000a-thai spring rolls (some with chicken, some with shrimp, some veg) - all crunchy and delish.\u000a-coconut soup (my boyfriend likes it, i didn't try it)\u000a-pad thai \u000a-see you noodles\u000a-mussaman curry\u000a-panang curry\u000a\u000aand everything was really good.  the curries were a huge hit - i loved the mussaman, but everyone else was raving about the panang.  the see-you noodles (pad see ew, essenially) were delish, that's one of my favorite standards.\u000a\u000ait's pricey, for thai....well, it's pricey for take out thai.  back in chicago, my boyfriend and i were happily living in the land of $7 curries, and the idea of paying $14 for curry was ridiculous.  i'm bummed that there is no cheaper thai place near us, so we don't go to bangkok balcony as much as i'd like to.  but when parents are in town, or if you want to sit down and really have a dining experience, i think it's worth it.  and it's really high quality and delicious so that makes the price more justifiable.  sort of.
p381
aValways have had awesome service. the curries here are decent, but i don't think it's easy to mess up a thai curry, unless the restaurant is baaad. however, this place is not my fave in pittsburgh, nowhere close. i would rank, smiling banana leaf, thai cuisine, green mango and then may be bb. well, after that remains the blah places (ahem thai place). in our latest venture, we asked for an 8, for each of our entrees. one tasted like a 3 another like a zero. the flavors were good, but nothing be wow-ing about, specially at that price-point. i think bb tries too hard to be the "upscale" thai place and misses out on the "good food" part. i say focus on the food, not the frills.
p382
aVif my friend hadn't suggested we meet here for dinner, i don't think i would have stopped in at bangkok balcony due to the dark exterior but i'm glad that i experienced this spot. we were seated near the black tinted window and the lighting made it all feel cozy but a little like we were warped back in time. also the silverware i was not a fan of (they look like fiddlesticks which are ugly to me!). anyway...\u000a\u000ai couldn't decide between the yellow and mussaman curry so i asked the waitress. she said the yellow curry was good but on the sweet side and then her eyes totally lit up when she spoke about the mussaman curry, which was more of an indian curry and of thicker consistency. i was sold on her description for mussaman and another friend actually changed her mind to order this too. by how excited our waitress was for us, we knew we were in for a treat.\u000a\u000aout came a pot of the mussaman curry and a bowl of rice. while the volume looks small, the contents are quite filling. the curry was absolutely delicious (i had a spice level of 5), not too sweet with a peanut coconut curry taste in potatoes and chicken. the potatoes were soft but the chicken was just the tiniest bit overcooked however once i smothered some of the curry sauce i ate it all up. actually i ended up eating the whole thing up by putting the curry sauce on everything even though i was full!\u000a\u000apleasant experience with the service and extremely satisfied with my dish that i will venture back.
p383
aVi've dined at bangkok balcony a few times. a couple of times, i've ordered one of the stir-fry dishes. the dishes are good but cost a nickel under $14 which is a bit expensive for a stir-fry dish. on my most memorable visit, i ordered a daily special which was served as a whole fish over rice with a thai chili sauce. the presentation of the dish was rather surprising as they served an entire fish (head and all) as opposed to a fillet which caught me off guard.\u000a\u000aone of the convenient aspects of the restaurant is that you can rate how spicy you would like the dish on a scale of 1 to 10.\u000a\u000athere is also window seating available where you can overlook forbes ave while having dinner.\u000a\u000aall in all, bangkok balcony is a nice and intimate restaurant but a bit expensive for the type of food they are serving.
p384
aVso my friend loves this place and claims that it has one of the best curries in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000ahe recommended for me the pumpkin chicken curry while he got the yellow chicken curry. the wait wasn't long at all, because the table we got was right by the window and we passed our time by people watching. \u000aat first i was disappointed by the portions but i was pleasantly surprised by how filling the meal was. the chicken was a little dry probably due to the over sized chunks that were stewed in the curry. however, the curry was perfectly creamy and flecked with chili flakes to satisfy my love of spice.
p385
aVi dined here last night with a friend and was excited to get a small table at the window overlooking forbes-which was great. the food in general is overpriced for the dishes and quality. i got a green curried tofu dish, which was pretty good, but cost almost 15 bucks. i chose a spiciness of 6 and it was perfect, although if i come here again i'd bump it up to a 7 or 8. the staff was all very friendly and the service was great. overall, though, run-of-the-mill thai place in pittsburgh.
p386
aVif this is the best pizza in pittsburgh, i'm preparing to be sorely disappointed by this town.  i just moved in a few blocks away and thought i'd check it out, since everyone's been saying this is the best in town.  these guys must be coasting on their reputation, because i would have been better off walking up to giant eagle and buying a frozen pizza.  \u000a\u000athe crust is good, and the sauce is okay, but the cheese and pepperoni were just plain nasty.  on top of that, the seating area is dirty - i was there 30 minutes and didn't see anyone come out to wipe down tables, and this was on a moderately busy saturday evening.  the service is pretty snippy, too, and they only take cash.  not really any bright spots here.
p387
aVwhen i think about ordering a pizza, it's hard to imagine ordering someplace else. i loooove cheese and mineo's is quite generous (the cheese is often thicker than the crust). you can always ask them to go easy on the cheese and they'll tone it down. i highly recommmend getting a white pie with ricotta, tomato, and mozzarella. dee-lish!!
p388
aVthis place is a solid 2 star joint.  the multiple times i've been here, the pizza has been somewhat inconsistent.  sometimes it is better than others, but overall it's just not that fantastic.  i think i agree with a lot of the other posts that it rides on its past fame.  i always end up going back though because my friends insist that we go there for a few slices.  so i'll be honest, if it's put in front of my face, i will not hesitate to eat it.  however, there are plenty of other better options for pizza in and around the burgh.
p389
aVreally excellent crust. i particularly like the white pizza with spinach.  they sell a lot of pizza here and for good reason.
p390
aVordered takeout from here the day before we moved out of town - so we had no chairs in our apartment, and needed something we could eat quickly, standing up against a counter.  pizza made the most sense!  since mineo's is a classic pittsburgh pizza joint, we thought we should finally check it out.\u000a\u000ai trudged over in the snow to pick up our pizzas, which were about $20 each for a large with 1-2 toppings.  the counter staff was extremely friendly and gave me all the extra plates and silverware i needed because ours was all packed.  i carried them back to our apartment where we opened them up, and saw that the cheese had sort of....swirled around messily in the center of the pizzas.  as if the cheese wasn't firmly attached to the crust, but sort of a loose, amorphous being with a mind of its own.  i immediately started apologizing, fearing that i had tilted the pizzas while i was carrying them, but then one of our friends said "no, that's how it always is from mineo's."  um, okay.  kind of weird, but at least it wasn't my fault!\u000a\u000athe pizza was tasty, but very messy.  it didn't really stay uniform and attached, with globs of cheese sliding off the crust into the middle of the box.  people would pull out a slice and suddenly realize they only had crust and sauce because everything else was gone.  it's like there's too much cheese for such a thin crust, it can't support the weight!\u000a\u000aso it was definitely knife and fork pizza, but it was decent-tasting.  pretty standard.  but i have to say - grossly overpriced for what you get.  and thus the two stars.  if this pizza was like...$7 less per pie, i'd give it 3 stars.  but seriously - it's just ridiculous.  it really was totally average, but they charge you like it's made of gold.   i truly do not understand what makes this such a lauded pizza place.
p391
aVi was having a really hard time picking where to go for dinner (as always) and after several hours of debating we settled on pizza. so where to go? \u000a\u000awe didn't want to go anywhere too far from oakland, and it was getting late, so we decided to go here.  we heard rumors of their pizza and a local even stopped us to tell us how good it was saying that it was "the best". that combined with my intense hunger i was ravenous to try their pizza. we got a simple small cheese pizza (even though i'm usually a topping kind of girl) and my god. the worst part about a fresh pizza is that you can't help but biting into the pizza too early leaving you with a burnt tongue. \u000a\u000awe fought through the pain and let me say, it was amazing. totally worth the wait, the pizza itself was fine without any toppings due to the amazing quality of the cheese and tomato sauce. usually pizzerias get the crust wrong, but this was perfectly crispy and wasn't bland at all! the soft melted cheese combined with the crisp crust made for a perfect pizza. \u000a\u000aafterwards we decided to get a cannoli - because, who doesn't enjoy a good cannoli? these where stuffed to the brim with the creamy filling and were freshly made. they wait until the last minute to put the icing in so the shell doesn't get soggy, so no worries there. \u000a\u000atldr: pizza good. cannoli good. would go again.
p392
aVi'd like to give this place 3 1/2 stars if i could.  it's a solid restaurant in a beautiful location.  i had an early dinner there tonight with my mom and sister.  the service was excellent.  we had the calamari, "dynamite" scallops, and an avocado and crabmeat terrine.  the scallops were the best.  they were cooked perfectly and had a nice sauce.  the calamari was good.  it had a bit more breading than i would like, but was cooked perfectly.  the terrine would have been excellent, but the avocado wasn't ripe.  i had the bouillabase which was flavored okay and had a decent selection of seafood, but they put in half of a crab that really wasn't that good quality.  it reminded me of crab you would receive at an all you can eat crab place.  mom had some lobster that was pretty good, but a little overpriced.  the best entree by far was my sisters.  she had the alaskan king crab legs, steamed perfectly and a very large portion.  in addition they cracked the shell which was a nice touch.  this was a very good deal for the quality and quantity at $43.  the desserts were probably the best part of the meal.  strawberry shortcake was light and probably one of the best i've ever had and the chocolate souffle was awesome.  i think the valet should be complimentary.  it's $6 for 2 hours.  if you  spend a couple of hundred dollars for three people i think they should waive this nominal fee.  they also had a pianist which was a nice touch and much better than "musac".  overall a very fine restaurant and the building is gorgeous and a must see if your visiting pittsburgh.
p393
aVholy brunch buffet batman!\u000a\u000athere's a difference between a place that has one long table of buffet choices that's mass produced and more than likely been sitting out for most of the morning and the grand concourse.  the grand concourse is just that, grand!\u000a\u000athe grand concourse may have that one long table of buffet foods that have possibly been touched by little kid sticky hands but they have "create your own" food stands!  any place that offers me the chance to pile on the most scrumptious and fattening food toppings is a winner in my book!  stop by the make your own omelet or pancake or waffle or ice cream sundae (can you tell how excited i am about that) bar for your own sinful creation.  \u000a\u000aand the place itself....just breathtaking!  you don't come across many places like this anymore.  it used to be the main train station into downtown pittsburgh and they've really done a fantastic job making it look as it did back in the day.  i swear to god i always want to act out the scene in the titanic where they're all sitting around the main dining room together talking all proper.  but then i remember i'm shoveling 30 pounds worth of pancakes in my mouth and that vision quickly dissolves!\u000a\u000a*remember if you want to go for brunch make a reservation!  \u000a\u000abon voyage on your eating adventure!
p394
aVmeh.  seriously, at this price point, three stars is being generous.  (then again, it's pittsburgh, so restaurants that would be mediocre elsewhere are above average for the area.)\u000a\u000anice location, and the outdoor seating over the river is a plus, but i think people are giving that way too much weight if they're giving this place five stars.\u000a\u000aservice: meh.  had to ask for refills on water, and the waitress didn't seem to know much about the food if it wasn't on her script.  definitely not up-to-snuff.\u000a\u000afood: meh.  great food if they're charging far less for it, but i should be able to get something more than one notch above outback when i'm paying $30 for an ny strip.  made the mistake of ordering it rare; that shouldn't be a mistake in a good restaurant.\u000a\u000alocation: decor is a little plastic, but the structure is a pretty incredible place for a restaurant.  this saves it from one or two stars.  \u000a\u000aoverall: if you're out with a group where ambience is a big driver, this isn't a bad choice, but avoid it if you're looking for a good meal.  (lunch outdoors is probably a decent choice, too.)
p395
aVi really enjoy the old school charm of the grand concourse. eating here is like stepping back in time in a good way. the restaurant is opulent and classy. there is a nice view of the river from the terrace where we were seated. \u000a\u000amy boyfriend treated me to a birthday dinner our reservations were at 4:30pm.  there was hardly any one else dining then.  \u000a\u000ai had the alaskan halibut. this was my first time eating halibut and since this was a special occasion i wanted to try something new.   i was served a hardy portion of fish. really i could have used more spice in the dish i just felt that something was meh about the perpetration.  \u000a\u000athe grand concourse is a nice fine dining restaurant, but i feel that they played it safe with my entree and it lacked flavor.
p396
aVi was here for mother's day brunch last year.\u000a\u000athey only get 3 stars bc the restaurant is so beautiful inside, and the brunch was ridiculously expensive.  the food was ok, there was a very long line for omelets--longer than it should have been but they are made to order so i understand that.  things felt a little disorganized and as the restaurant was packed it was completely chaotic and not the relaxing brunch w/ our mother that we had hoped for.\u000a\u000athe only time we were blown away was when my sister and i saw the amount our bill came to.  i was def wishing i had more siblings with whom to split this check.\u000a\u000athe service just sucked.  though we had reservations we had to wait and were seated out in a little porch area--which ended up being kind of cool because it was pouring rain and we were under sky lights so it was a little cozy.  however we were freaking packed in there to the point where i was unable to get out of my table bc the chairs from the table behind us were blocking us in.\u000a\u000ai would probably not come to the restaurant if i were given the option of chosing where we dined.  i might go to this restaurant again but only if grandma said its where she wanted to go for her birthday.  ok--i might try the brunch again.  i do heart omelets.  but this brunch is not something i am going to go out of my way for.\u000a\u000athis place is gorgeous inside but the over priced crappy food and the crap service do not make it worth while.\u000a\u000a3 stars for beautiful architecture and great potential.\u000a\u000ai want to like this place...but it just falls short.
p397
aVif it is not octoberfest, there is no reason to go. this place is completely overrated. the food is not good. i had pot roast and it was so sickly sweet. the schnitzel was overcooked to the point of mushy. it's not like the restaurant is supposed to be high end, but i expect more for $15 entrees esp. in pittsburgh.\u000a\u000asure you can go for the beer, but penn brewery beer is widely available in  many bars. it's not like the octoberfest food is that good either.. you go more for the party.
p398
aVfood: 2 stars.  beer: 4 stars.  service: 3.5 stars.\u000a\u000aas an east-ender i must admit i rarely venture to the north or south side.  and while i've had many a penn brew, i've never made it to their restaurant until last night.  in one word: underwhelmed.\u000a\u000awhile the building, outdoor seating, and general ambiance were exactly what we were looking for, the food was a huge disappointment.  we were actually pretty excited looking at the menu before we left, but little did we know... \u000a\u000ain ordering the vegetarian smoked bratwurst our server all but refused to bring it for me.  he declared it "nasty" and that 50-60% of those ordered end up going back to the kitchen and commenced to try to sell me a garden burger or veggie panini.  i finally gave in and ordered the pierogi platter hoping to get something else vegetarian to share with my partner.  i wish i would have ordered the bratwurst.  at first, i was enthused by the serving size but little did i know... what laid before me were 6 dry fish pierogies with a dismissive pile of cold caramelized onions.  i should have sent it back at first bite, but second guessed my own reading of the menu.  when the second pierogi was potato, i decided just to eat them only to find the last 4 to also to be the dry cold fish stuffing.  i didn't eat the last two, we were on a tight schedule and i'm generally too polite to send a mistake like this back.  my partner had the kasespaetzle and while decent, didn't seem true to the spaetzle i've had many times in southern germany.\u000a\u000athat said, the beer was quite lovely.  i had the weizen and my partner the summer berry weizen.  both well carbonated, flavorful and quite refreshing.\u000a\u000ageneral menu overview: 5-6 apps from $5-8.  a few salads, 6-8 entrees from $9-20 a few sandwiches and a few desserts.
p399
aVwe came in after spending the day at the science center.  love the courtyard dining area, but we wanted air conditioning and to check out the inside.  we got a monster table all to ourselves.  nice.  even nicer was the view of downtown.\u000a\u000abj got a penn wheatson beer.  it was very good, simliar to a blue moon or a hoeggarten.  since we were feeling a little german, bj got the pierogi plate and i got käsespätzle.  we liked both our dishes.  my accompanying salad had some brown pieces of lettuce. but i forgave that because our server was kind enough to bring us a sample of the hot german potato salad.  all in all, a pretty decent meal.  but of course, we always going to like any brewery.
p400
aVi'd rather go here than hofbräuhaus in winter (i find hofbräu tolerable only during the summer, where i can sit outside far away from the accordian). the beer is, first of all, fantastic. secondly, the food is good. it's not great, but it's good. i had the pierogies and those were definitely the highlight. fresh & covered with buffalo cheese - perfect snack food. i also had fries - also good. the sole disappointment was the jaegerschnitzel. i thought mine was somewhat uninspiring - not at all up to par with the hofbräuhaus - although this might be due to the fact that i used to live in munich and have high standards. my friend had the same thing and loved his. all, in all, i'll definitely be back!
p401
aVi ate here for dinner this past thursday night with a dining companion.  the decor of the restaurant makes it look like a beer hall from germany with long benches and tables.  you are also able to see a fermentation tank which is nice since you are at a brewery.\u000a\u000afor dinner my dining companion and i started off by sharing the buffalo chicken pierogi appetizer.  i was excited about them and they did not disappoint with every part being very good, especially the chicken filling.  for my entree i ordered a beef roll that came with braised red cabbage and german potato salad.  the potato salad ended up being the best part of the meal for me with the beef roll being average and the red cabbage disappointing.  the reason for this being that it had a very strong tasting spice that i could not completely identify (caraway maybe?) which i have never had in red cabbage before.  so in the end the pierogi appetizer stole the show for myself.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i would probably head back here again.  there were plenty of items on the menu that i would like to try and the appetizer was good enough that they still intrigue me.
p402
aVpenn brewery has improved immensely, now that they've abandoned their "german purity law" brewing roots.  they are now brewing good, experimental beers as well as their usual house beers. every month when i've stopped in, they've had something new.  \u000afor those of you out of town, penn is somewhat of a pittsburgh success story.  they had a rough time a few years back, but the original owner bought back the company and reopened the brew-pub (they were contract brewing for a short while.)  the actual building itself is really cool, and during the summer the outdoor beer garden is open...it sort of feels like you're sitting in an old castle...not too many places where you'd get that feeling in pittsburgh.  \u000a\u000ai've eaten here a few times, and while i'm definitely not blown away by the food, it's decent, and it of course goes great with their beer.  they have large portion sizes so don't order too much.  their hot potato salad, although a little odd, is surprisingly addicting.  \u000a\u000ahappy hour here is worth mentioning as well . beers are $3, apps are half price, and on thursday they do "beers & brats" with $5 brats.  i'd go to penn over church sucksworks any day of the week.
p403
aVi forget what kind of beer i had, but it was potent and really good. i loved darren's pierogis and chili. the beer cheese is addictive. my entree, the rouladen, was a tender, moist winner of a meal and was served in a generous portion. stupid me had the other half boxed up and then forgot it! our server was really, sweet, fun, and talked our ears off.
p404
aVthis is one of the spots i feel lucky we have in the burgh! i mean, really lucky considering it shuttered its doors for a number of years and reopened semi-recently. \u000a\u000ayou can't beat this fun of an environment. toss away the generic hofbrauhaus get to a pittsburgh legacy! i love the fun german beer hall feel with the large picnic size tables that just beckon you to sit down with an even larger brew!\u000a\u000ai love german food, but there's a really good opportunity to screw it up. have you ever noticed a lot of the colors of german food blend together? sauerkraut, perogies, mashed taters (is that german? whatever!), they all look the same! so making them taste good is a must! i'm a big fan of the perogies - a buttery delicious mixture in a lovely little dumpling. while i'm not really a fan of their sauerkraut, it's too sweet for me, i know some people like it that way (i like mine a little on the sour side). throw in a pretzel with their beer cheese and some grilled kielbasa and i'm one happy german camper!\u000a\u000ai'm a fan of their penn pilsner and a big big big fan of their special chocolate meltdown, which they debuted last valentines day. now i'm telling you right now, you get yourself to penn brewery as soon as that comes out this year!\u000a\u000athe other thing that's awesome about this place is that they throw a ton of events. nevermind their month long oktoberfest, they host bands every couple weeks that jam out inside and out. speaking of which, they have a great outdoor courtyard for sitting with your fave brew! \u000a\u000aand to that i say, oh! oh! oh!
p405
aVthe outside looked a bit shady where you had to enter in from some side entrance between the building and the next...\u000athe service was amazing - the waiter was fantastic and brought out our food in great fashion. \u000athe food on the other hand was just....okay. it didn't blow me away then again i ordered vegetarian at a german restaurant. go figure. \u000athe pierogies weren't anything special - just regular potato. \u000athe pretzels themselves weren't that spectacular either, the thing that made them was the cheese which had a thicker consistency similar to velveeta...\u000aall in all i wouldn't give my left arm to come here again.
p406
aVoktoberfest is here and this is a great time to try out penn brewery.  i have only been once since the brewery reopened under new ownership and so glad they did. their beers are delicious and highly recommend the oktoberfest-a great fall beer.  their pumpkin roll ale is going to be released starting in mid october and i am looking forward to trying this new brew.  it rained the entire night for oktoberfest but with the tents in the parking lot we were lucky to stay dry. we ate outside instead of insideso we did not order off the regular menu. the outdoor food choices were limited but what they did serve was tasty and perfect with the oktoberfest. i highly recommend the german potato salad-one of my favorites since it isn't mayonnaise based. i also tried the pulled pork sandwich and bratwurst which was equally as good.  if you do decide to go to oktoberfest (usually held the last two weeks in september) go early to get a table and beat the crowds.  parking is very limited so this will ensure a good spot.
p407
aVi came here for the oktoberfest festivities, so i'm not sure if my experience is representative of what can usually be expected at penn brewery. regardless, i had a great time. there was traditional german music, beer (being served in cups and half gallon containers), and food. there was a very wide age range, but everyone was respectful of each other (even with all of the alcohol that was being consumed). \u000a\u000amy favorite part of penn brewery was the outdoor rooftop patio overlooking the downtown skyline. the ambiance on the reminded me of some of the rooftop bars in new york city.
p408
aVi go to their oktoberfest every year, i would not miss it.  i love the live music, the great food, dancing, and of course the fabulous beer.  but it's nice to go back occasionally when things are less hectic and crowded, and what i get is really good german food and some of the best beers made in pittsburgh.  there's an old world taste to the beer made here and it's authentic and satisfying.  the penn brewery is a real gem!
p409
aVi love beer and i really love the selection of beer at penn brewery. i've sampled the food from here and as a vegetarian, i give it a thumbs up. not too many places care to have more than one vegetarian option but pb does. as for the beer, each selection is flavorful and unique. any time my parents throw a party (in philly) we take a few cases of penn brewery beer and it is always a hit.\u000a\u000athe place itself is really really big and not only is it a fun drinking spot for a group of friends but families are also comfortable and welcome.
p410
aVi used to love the penn brewery.  my dad had his 50th birthday there, i had my 30th birthday there, the food was great, the music was great, and dont even get me started  about the time i accidentally drank an entire gallon of beer at oktoberfest bc they were serving the beer in half gallon jugs and after you drink half a gallon of beer, it seems like a good idea to have another!  (i had a dd).\u000a\u000aits under new management and only the location is still the same.  and the beer.  so i might be back for oktober fest only, this time sticking to half a half a gallon.  \u000a\u000ahow changed is my beloved german restaurant?  four words.  dave matthews cover band.  wtf.  \u000a\u000aif i ever come back for food, it wont be on a saturday night.  because of nostalgia i've tried this place three times, but due to my schedule its unfortunately been on a saturday night which is apparently "bands that sound like your sitting in a dorm room listening to your crush play guitar and sing but he cant sing and hes just learning guitar but you prentend to like it anyway" night.\u000a\u000awho the hell is their booker?  why is it so damn loud in the bar i couldn't talk to my friend, instead we kind of sat there and watched the beer ripple in our glasses.  the accoustics are equally bad upstairs and downstairs.\u000a\u000aits terrible.  if you must keep the same music booker, can you please have your bands turn the volume down, just a little.  and for the record, i love music.  but it's quieter at stage ae.  its just assinine.  \u000a\u000asince youre not going to be able to hear or talk to your dining companions, you can look forward to the food which is just slightly better than ok.  the schnitzel is pretty good, but i dont know why this restaurant even tries to maintain that they are a german restaurant.\u000a\u000awhy not just become a brew pub, and have a menu with really good bar food?\u000a\u000athis place is a disappointment.  but theres really good beer here, and that makes it worth it to check it out one lsat time before realizing its just never going to be the same restaurant it once was.
p411
aVi really enjoyed stopping by penn brewery for beers last friday afternoon before heading to the wigle whiskey garden and barrelhouse. i appreciated the small parking lot adjacent to the brewery that made finding a spot much easier than trolling the narrow north side streets. i ordered a ginger beer and a few pierogies, which were both very tasty. though the interior of penn brewery was nice, i really enjoyed sitting outside. even though it was pretty warm in the sun, it was the perfect temperature in their shaded courtyard. i could have relaxed here for hours. i would definitely like to come back sometime soon!
p412
aVyum! i've been to penn brewery a couple times and have to say, i really, really enjoy eating at this place and i am so glad it's part of pittsburgh! well done german food + authentic german beers: what's not to like?\u000a\u000athe first time i stopped in was for lunch and i fell in love immediately. the place wasn't hopping but that was fine by me - my dining companion and i had plenty of room to stretch out in their tavern/hall-like dining area as we peered into the brewery and tried remembering which flags on the walls and in the rafters represented which countries. for our meal, we ordered their ginger beer - an excellent brew! - and a specialty veal sandwich (which i wish they'd add to the menu full-time!), amazing pierogies and an absolutely delicious green salad. seriously, you know you're doing something right when i get super happy about a salad - what's not to like about being able to eat well without giving up taste? this one had smoked pork belly, dried cranberries, mozzarella, and almonds dressed with garlic oil vinegar. talk about yummy!\u000a\u000amy second visit was during dinner hours with a group of friends, and i honestly think i'll be sticking to lunch only visits. the place was much more packed in the evening and once you added in loud music, it was impossible to talk to anyone at my table aside from the person right next to me. not cool - if i'm out with friends, i want to be able to talk to them. still, the food was as awesome as ever - we split the fried pickles (quite unusual in this city, i think, but not bad) and i continued my streak of ordering "healthier" options here by getting the portobello stack. as pricey as this is, i wouldn't have minded a bit more food on my plate - but it was still very good. well cooked (but not overdone) mushrooms plus tomatoes plus creamy goat cheese and dressing - what a simple but delectable combination. seeing as i'd eaten beer and pizza at work that day, a dinner of vegetables only sounded perfect, and it's good to know that penn brewery's menu isn't entirely comprised of heavy german food, a common sin of restaurants that specialize in or feature german food.\u000a\u000ai definitely plan on stopping in to sample more of their sandwiches, appetizers and burgers the next time i want to go out for lunch - just thinking about trying their deutschtaun burger and their flatbreads makes my mouth water!
p413
aVbest bar for a wide selection of beer in pittsburgh, and a strong claim to "best belgian beer bar in the usa".  \u000a\u000agood bar food, on the pricey side.  \u000a\u000awhen they're busy, the service is slow.  actually, when they have more than a small handful of folks in the building, the service is slow.  \u000a\u000athat said, it beats the hell out of the brickskellar (similar bar, in dc) on speed of service, food quality, and variety of beer available.
p414
aVi have only been to sharp edge for late night, and will review it accordingly.\u000a\u000ai first started going to sharp edge two years ago.  back then we would order the entire late night menu (which runs from 10 pm - 12 am) from buffalo bites and wings to mediterranean nachos and their pomme frites.  they no longer have wings (which were my favorite), but they still have quite a large selection of bar food.\u000a\u000athey also have a large expansive drink menu.  the only downfall is their service can be on the slow side even if the restaurant isn't busy.\u000a\u000ahighly recommended.
p415
aVthe beer selection is outstanding.  i've only eaten here once, but the appetizers left a lot to be desired (guac from a mix, very greasy).  a bit on the pricey side but where else can you get such a selection on draft?
p416
aVfirst things first, no one has yet reviewed sharp edge for the belgian beer festival in june!  110 different beers over 3 drunken hours.  if you're a poster saying you don't like belgians...come to this festival and be prepared to change your mind.  \u000athat being said, the interior of the place isn't bad but i wouldn't call it a hidden gem inside.  lots of taps, lots of bottles, but a bit on the expensive side, except for the happy hour & regular specials.  if someone knows the daily specials list, post it...i haven't been there in a while.  the pizza is great!  \u000a\u000amy biggest gripe about sharp edge is the service.  there is one waitress that is absolutely terrible.  i would say i caught her on a bad day, but i've had her 3 times and she's been bad every time.  if she were let go, i would give the sharp edge 5 stars...
p417
aVgigantic beer selection, but the place tends to be extremely crowded and noisy. food is just so-so and somewhat pricey considering. overall, it's an okay place to go but nothing exciting.
p418
aVi've been there 5-6 times now, and my opinion's not changed: lots of potential, but they fall short.  beer selection's good, but i noticed they don't have saison dupont.  i'm used to not being able to find some obscure trappist ales, but i sort of thought dupont was a standard belgian ale.  kinda surprised they don't have more english ales, too.  most folks that i know who like belgians like the stronger flavors and strength of some of the english ales.  (seriously, people: stop raving about their selection.  every belgian bar has a big selection, but these guys only have the really big belgians - nothing on their beer list is remotely hard-to-find.)\u000a\u000astill can't get over the decor, either.  it tends toward the slightly shabby, junky atmosphere you'd expect at a normal dive bar here.  i rarely pay much attention to atmosphere in restaurants, but i want my beer bars to look like old european pubs.  (i think brick store in atlanta has really spoiled me, though.)  regardless, being one of the best places for beer in pittsburgh doesn't exactly rate 4 or 5 stars.  a good beer list compared to other bars (bad compared to belgian bars) doesn't make up for terrible service and a tacky, shabby location.
p419
aVi was just having a debate with a friend about good food versus bad service. do you go back to a place if it has lousy service but fantastic food? or in the is case, good food and a monstrous beer selection! \u000a\u000aso lets set the scene.  i'm waiting at the host stand and watching as people that looked as if they worked there whizz by. no acknowledgment, no "hey, we'll be with you in a sec." nothing, nada, zip. about 15 minutes went by ...finally, someone came up and sat us. so not a good way to start an eating and beerfest \u000a\u000aannnnd then our "less than interested in anything remotely serving related" server came up to us after about 10 minutes. i asked about the lager choices and he muttered something about not having any lager choices. no lager choices at a beer emporium? say what!? liar! \u000a\u000ai ended up choosing a beer he mumbled about that was a carmel something something beer. i wish i could have heard what the name was, but there was no way i was going to actually talk with our server. boo! \u000a\u000aour order took forever to come out, even though everyone ordered sandwiches. i was so ravished and probably a little buzzed by the time my food came that i inhaled it! i remember it being pretty good though, so that was the one plus! chicken and cranberry salad sandwich is a good choice!! the one thing that's funny is that when you have bad service, the check always magically appears, and fast! \u000a\u000aso i'd say in the great debate, even if the food is really good, what you remember at the end is the craptacular service and not the amazing food.\u000a\u000a restaurants beware, you don't mess with a hungry girl!
p420
aV3.5 rounding down \u000a\u000ai looooove me some belgian brew and there is no better place to indulge than the sharp edge. a great tap and bottle selection sure to tickle everyone's fancy - light, dark, white, pale, lambic, hoppy, spicy, fruity...i can go on, but i digress. \u000a\u000atse doesn't stop at drinks, they serve food as well. on our most recent trip, jb and i started off with the mediterranean nachos - creamy spinach artichoke dip, tomatoes, black olives and melted cheeses top off thick pita chips that are soft and chewy in the middle (without being a soggy mess) and fried crispy around the edges for great texture. the nachos may lean towards the greasy side at times and they would also be 5 star worthy if kalamata olives were used instead of run-of-the-mill black...regardless, they remain consistently delicious despite these small areas of concern. \u000a\u000afor dinner i ordered the portabello panini on foccacia with pomme frites. the "foccacia" turned out to be nothing more than sliced white bread with the crust cut off and the frites are just fresh cut french fries. i highly doubt they use the double fry method because the potato sticks lack that extra crispy exterior and soft interior. i also suspect they use veggie oil instead of animal fat to fry them in so they really shouldn't call them frites. \u000a\u000ajb had the belgian burger with onion petals. the petals seemed to be frozen and fried but he was overly satisfied with the burger - lamb, bacon and gouda...sounds like a lovely combination even to me. \u000a\u000atse also has a fabulous happy hour - 1/2 off belgian drafts...yes please! and $1 off bottles. the selection, as i mentioned before is amazing. our waitress was sufficient, coming around when needed and not overbearing. \u000a\u000aif tse could master all their dishes, not just what they're known for, this would be a 5 star establishment. too bad it seems like they focus too much on the apps and belgian/mediterranean items...i know that's their specialty but if you're going to offer other options you better put the same amount of love into them.
p421
aVi love belgian beer so i really liked this place, especially the belgian beer samplers they had for a reasonable price.  the beer selection, including non belgian varieties, was excellent.  i also ordered one of their gourmet burgers for dinner and it was good but nothing amazing.  this place is also good for accommodating large groups as they have tons of space.  service was also decent and it was a welcoming atmosphere.
p422
aVi dont love this place because every time i leave i feel like i've left behind the bulk of my personal wealth.\u000a\u000ai also dont love this place because the food has gone down hill from what it used to be, and the service is bad.  bad.  pro tip:  you better decide what you want to eat and drink in advance because if you sit in the bar booth area, you're going to have one shot with your waiter.  and a long wait.\u000a\u000ahowever, the beer list is amazing.  incredible.  i'm tearing up just thinking about it because beer is a hobby of mine.  my favorite beer on the menu is urbach 23, and you can't afford to drink it.  neither can i.  does anyone need an $18 beer?  i believe the answer is, yes, once in your life you do.  usually on your birthday.\u000a\u000athis place should not cost as much as it does.\u000a\u000ai really love belgian beer.\u000a\u000athe sharp edge is the restaurant equivalent of an abusive boyfriend who isnt even cute that i love more than anything and will never break up with.\u000a\u000aif you do get the food, try the chicken salad, it is quite good.
p423
aVholy beer selection! honestly, i came for the belgian ales but was completely blind sided by the selection of craft beers. there were roughly 60 taps with so many craft options from the midwest and the east coast. this sharp edge branch is certainly worth a stop for any beer aficionado. its location is out of the way in regard to the other east liberty hang outs as it's tucked away near the el/garfield/friendship border.\u000a\u000athe prices weren't outrageous. i expected super high prices based on my experiences at the downtown location. \u000a\u000alastly, similar to the downtown location, i found the atmosphere to be very cozy. in my opinion, it's a comfortable place to chill out with some friends and enjoy some great beer and food.
p424
aVjudge me if you must, but i think this place is pretty overrated. everyone that i have talked to has raved about this place, and i've been here a few times from friends' invites. yes, the beer selection is incredible. yes, the happy hour deals are really good (which i would definitely recommend if you want to go). however, i just didn't buy into the vibe and atmosphere- i feel like this place doesn't have an identity or an idea of what kind of place it wants to be. is it a bar with good pub food and beer selection? is it more of a sports bar? is it a manly man's bar? is it suppose to be an old-fashion bar?  i really don't know the answer to any of these questions. otherwise, the food is above average- but $12 for a veggie burger? really? again, i just don't know if this is suppose to be a bit of a higher-end restaurant or what- but you can't charge people 12 bucks for a burger (and a veggie burger at that)- particularly at a place where people are there primarily for beer. and the service is well below good. i'll go here again if a friend drags me, like my coworker likes to do, but i probably wouldn't decide to go here myself again.
p425
aVhow have i  never been here before, considering that i am a black and gold city yinzer?  well, this oversight was revised this morning.  i got here about 10 am this morning and totally expected a long line.  we only had to wait about 5 minutes and got a great booth in the back.  if you're in a rush sit at the counter.  service was friendly, quick and professional.  place was packed with all types, classes and colors.  everyone from family's after church to folks like me with disheveled hair wearing the same clothes from  the long night prior.  this offers a true snapshot of the folks of my fine city.  i ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs with a side of sweet sausage and toast.  the corned beef hash was great charred perfectly and tons of flavor.  the eggs were about average and the sweet sausage was amazing.  they offer a ton of breakfast meat options, everything from chorizo to amish ham and sweet sausage.  my breakfast was a little above average, however my friend made a much better choice.  she ordered the breakfast sandwich, which was great.  it was served on fresh italian bread with mounds of cheese and crispy bacon.  i like pamelas for pancakes, but for just true good diner breakfast food this is my new favorite.
p426
aVi had a mixed grill (was feeling particularly carnivorous that day) and it was good.  loads of meat, served with grilled veggies and potatoes.  i couldn't finish it, and ended up taking some home, and it proceeded to be my breakfast for two days after that.  \u000a\u000athe breakfast meats are pretty good, and the prices are good too.  standard diner fare, with a little more of a busy atmosphere.
p427
aVanother pittsburgh legend . always voted "best breakfast in the burgh  " and i have to agree . i like the unusual breakfast combinations . who can't refuse ice cream on your pancakes in the middle of a hot july ???
p428
aVreally good food, gargantuan portions and great prices.
p429
aVafter finding jojo's restaurant boarded up, we ventured over to deluca's around 1:30pm. the place had certainly died down from the brunch craziness so we were able to be seated immediately. huge menu = indecisive me however i ordered simple - eggs, meat (chorizo), homefries and toast along with one hotcake and some coffee. the breakfast was delicious with ample portions and for relatively affordable price about 7 bucks then 2 for the hotcake. server was nice and checked in periodically - the wait staff that we interacted with were all friendly. while deluca's is a diner and i expect some grease, i felt their floors were a little much as i had to make sure i wasn't sliding when walking out the door. i would come back to deluca's though would go elsewhere if the line was long. good but not an hour wait long good.
p430
aVwent here for a late lunch or even later breakfast with a friend. i had the banana peppers omelet with the hot sausage. i felt like something with a bit of a kick. there were tons of banana peppers but the amount of meat paled in comparison so i wasn't super happy about that. but it was good, just not good enough. \u000a\u000awhile we were seated very quickly, the food took a while to come out or i imagined it to be longer than it was b/c i was ravenously hungry...who knows. but maybe that's normal for this place. \u000a\u000ai would like to check this place out again and try one of the pancake specialties. i saw folks around us getting what looked to be a pancake sundae - mmmm...sugar rush! \u000a\u000athey had a ton of options which made it hard to choose what i wanted. also the menu is quite busy (with graphics and colors and nonsense) which made it even more difficult to focus. when presented with so many options, i just feel scattered and couple that with visual distractions and i feel add. \u000a\u000awhile i may not opt for the omelet next time around i will be stopping by this place again to give it another try.
p431
aVvery no frills place and exactly what we were looking for!\u000a\u000awhat we sampled: \u000asteel city breakfast (eggs with american cheese (i don't even like eggs and these were stellar), biscuits (yum), hash browns (under seasoned, but good), chocolate chip peanut butter pancakes (enough said ;) ). \u000athe moab (mother of all burritos is right!  this thing was packed full and delicious!)\u000a\u000aoverall the service was good and the food was hearty and reasonably priced.  just remember to bring cash and an empty stomach!
p432
aVthis is an easy five stars for an pittsburgh institution that's kept itself relevant.\u000a\u000aservice is great. servers are super friendly and come by at the perfect frequency for coffee refills, etc.\u000a\u000afood is excellent. the menu is very prolific, pretty much every diner breakfast option you can imagine plus burritos, etc. there's a lot of veg on this menu and a lot of avocado which makes me very happy, indeed.\u000a\u000aprices are reasonable. expect to pay $5 for a regular 2 eggs and toast type breakfast and $7-11 for anything else. coffee is $2.\u000a\u000aoh! the most important little secret about this place: they take reservations. i had a group of 10 friends come into town and we made reservations for saturday morning. it was a blast waltzing in with that many people and skipping past the line that was out the door.
p433
aVi give 5 stars sparingly and deluca's is completely deserving. we waited outside in the sweltering heat, during prime brunch time, for almost 30 minutes but knew it was worth the wait. there is nothing fancy or classy about this place which is actually quite endearing. the menu? basically anything you can imagine for brunch. really happy we got to visit this pittsburgh staple after almost a year of living here. portions are insanely big but we love leftovers so it wasn't an issue.
p434
aVi know this place typically has a long wait but somehow i snuck in on a saturday afternoon and sat at the bar for breakfast right away.  the service was amazingly fast.  i ordered the huevos rancheros and it literally came out in less than 30 seconds.  i was sitting next to the grill so i saw that they really made it and didn't just reheat something and their speed is impressive!  the food was pretty tasty but it had a bit too much chorizo (and i love meat).  huge portion sizes and definitely a very pittsburgh sort of place.  don't go here if you are looking for something healthy ;)\u000a\u000ai went back again later with a couple of friends and we all had a great experience.  the portions are huge and everything was delicious.  i think my friend's omelet had like 6 eggs and at least a pound of meat.
p435
aVi recommend arriving at deluca's early. i came with a group of six at about 8:45, and we were very lucky to be seated within 25 minutes as two tables opened up beside each other. by the time our food arrived, the line extended past the beyond the field of view from inside.\u000a\u000athis time i order peanut butter pancakes with scrambled eggs and kielbasa. the eggs were good, and the pancakes and kielbasa were great. i was expecting house pancakes smeared with peanut butter but received pancakes infused with peanut butter flavor; they were soft and fluffy yet concrete in flavor; thus, the pancakes sufficed all of the principles i seeks in pancakes. the kielbasa was crispy; it was well done but not overcooked.\u000a\u000apreviously, i've had an omelette and home fries, and i can verify that these dishes are  tasty and generously portioned.\u000a\u000athe service was great too. as i mentioned, our larger group was quickly accommodated, our orders were taken promptly, and the food was delivered warm. the staff even offered some witty banter to a member of our group who decided to make an interesting choice for his breakfast.
p436
aVportion sizes are huge here. don't come here if you're on a diet. i love their benedicts. their california benedict had lots of avocado, tomato, and spinach. i like that it comes with a large piece of buttered toast instead of english muffins. it also comes with a sizeable side of diced potatoes.  also had their pumpkin pancakes and blueberry pecan pancakes. pancakes are again very enormous. i'd say they were about 8" in lengths. this place is cash only but prices are decently cheap and there's an atm around the corner.
p437
aVit's hard to believe that i would get up early on a saturday morning to stand in line for 45 minutes for the opportunity to have breakfast at a dive.  i mean in the strip district.  deluca's is a mighty pittsburgh tradition.  i get that.  i can see that this place is definitely a yinzer kind of place.\u000a\u000aservice was really great.  i mean it.  i mean, here you are trying to shovel food to starving patrons with achy feet after their long wait.  think about that, it can't be pleasant.\u000a\u000athe menu covers a lot of territory.  but i already knew i was going to be having a western omelet.  bj followed a coworker friends bad advice and got the corned beef hash.  we were expecting the real thing, but i am sure this stuff came straight from a can.  although it was grilled up really nice.  the home fries were really good.  the wheat toast was the best.  the ham in my omelet was very good.\u000a\u000aall in all an interesting experience.  another surprise, i had to take another shower that day in an attempt to remove the smell of grease from my body.  it's something i will not soon forget.  did i say that i am a fan?  you can't mess with tradition.
p438
aVi really can't believe i've never made it here! and i went on the worst possible time too, during the holidays! but the wait wasn't too too bad, even if it was out in the cold for about 15 minutes. totally worth it once you're warm inside and a hot plate of breakfast food is staring at you!\u000a\u000ai'm going to do the thing you shouldn't do but everyone does, compare it to pamela's. i mean, it's one of the most popular breakfast spots in pittsburgh, how can i not!? and happily i'd say it was totally on par. would i say it's better? probably the same, but for different reasons. \u000a\u000athey looked to have a bigger menu than pamela's, serving hotcakes (what pamela's is famous for) and regular pancakes. although i'm a huge pancake fan and most of the options looked amazing, i really wanted a regular down home eggs, homefires, sausage and toast breakfast.\u000a\u000aand with an expanded menu they have so many choices beyond the menu! when i asked for sausage she was like, patty, turkey, hot, veggie... the list went on! i had to hear them twice! my homefries were good, i added onion and pepper to the mix, i just wish they would have been a tad crispier. \u000a\u000athe place really does have it's own identity, with the red vinyl booths and memorabilia on the walls. service was friendly, but remember they are cash only!
p439
aVa must stop when shopping in the strip district. this looks like a traditional pittsburgh diner but once you enter you will see how amazing the menu is and will get a diner experience unlike no other.  they have dessert pancakes which are awesome but only for those with a big sweet tooth. in the fall i ordered the pumpkin pancakes which were tasty. this past visit my date ordered the apple cinnamon pancakes complete with whipped cream with caramel drizzle, ice cream and hot baked applies. it was to die for!!  i ordered the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich.  for a true breakfast sandwich i had them hold the tomatoes, lettuce and mayo.  it was on fresh baked bread from the local bread company, manconi, with cheddar cheese, scrambled egg and tasty bacon delicious!  the service is quick and they only take cash (pnc mac machine right outside).  there is always a line around the block on weekends so expect to wait although the line does usually move quickly.
p440
aVi stopped by here today with my parents and sister for breakfast.  we were debating over a place to eat in the strip district and i offered up deluca's as i have had decent experiences there before and there is always a line out the door waiting for seats.  we arrived at around 9:15 and walked right into the restaurant and were seated in the upstairs portion.  the inside of this place is nothing special and looks like many other diners.  they did have a t shirt from man v food (circa 2006) on the wall above us.\u000a\u000afor my breakfast i decided to start off with a coffee which was poured within seconds of ordering and delivered to our table.  then after a few minutes of deliberating over the huge menu i ended up going with the huevos rancheros for my breakfast.  after ordering our waitress disappeared and i am pretty sure that i never saw her again until we had to ask another waitress to get her for our check.  that meant that after about 10 minutes of waiting with an empty cup of coffee, i ended up helping myself to the pot that was sitting nearby.  i never did get a third cup which would have been nice.  anyways, after a reasonable amount of time our food made it out to our table and my huevos rancheros looked pretty good.  the egg was sunny side up and whenever i cut through it, the yolk dripped nicely onto the tortilla, cheese, salsa and chorizo underneath it.  it tasted decently enough although i would have personally liked it quite a bit spicier.  after i was about half way through my my meal the avocado that was supposed to come on it materialized to our table.  it was maybe 1/4 of a total avocado cut into 4 very small slices which were quickly gone.  whenever my family and i had finished our meals we proceeded to wait about 10 minutes for our waitress to come to our table.  finally giving up on that we asked another waitress to ask our waitress for the bill.  she did and about 10 minutes later and after again asking our waitress for the bill, we were able to pay.  the sad thing is that we were trying to get out of there and there was a huge line of people outside waiting to get in.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i would probably avoid coming here in the future.  while the food was decent tasting i found it to be overpriced and our service was just miserable.
p441
aVi kinda went in with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. you see when we were entering the restaurant, a number of young men in track suits were leaving. \u000a\u000athe decor was surprisingly not as tacky as i imagined it would be and the service at the bar was very good. we did have to wait longer for our reservation. it was a laid back atmosphere with excellent service. \u000a\u000aas far as food goes, i would lean toward the seafood dishes and getting a number of small plates. they are also excellent about splitting entrees for you. of the small plates, i particularly like the tuna poke. the enchiladas are just okay, but their dipping sauce is very good. the lamb and cockles were very good. eastern shore sea scallops, mussels and littleneck clams was excellent. crispy duck breast, creamy cornmeal grits, charred mustard greens, chili gastrique was good, but i found the sauce a bit on the salty side. portions are quite generous. \u000a\u000aas far as desserts, the creme brulee was the best. the bread pudding okay, but a bit too egg-y. the chocolate cake was meh. the texture was too dense and dry. i think they need to soak the cake in rum. \u000a\u000awine selection was a bit disappointing. i would have like to see some south african wines considering that this is a african / carribean fusion theme restaurant. though i had a glass of the carmenere and it was quite good. \u000a\u000aoverall, i was quite pleased with the place. it would be nice for a date. it is a bit spendy on a grad student salary. it came to approximately $200 for the 4 of us with a couple drinks each, tax + tip.
p442
aVthis is a good spot and a good choice for the big burrito chain.  i was here last night and the place was pretty busy.  the decor is totally tacky, but in a fun way.  it's a relatively small restaurant with a really big bar.  there's also outdoor seating, which is great for people watching in the strip.  the service was friendly and prompt without being intrusive.  the bathrooms are a little out of the way in the basement, but nevertheless nice and much nicer than i remember them years ago.  we started with a selection of appetizers.  the black bean dip with cheese was pretty good and is the same stuff you get at mad mex.  the scallopp app' was awesome, three huge scallops perfectly cooked with a nice sauce.  i got the "pork belly".  i've had this in other places and it was different than this.  this was basically a really fatty barbecued rib, but i like ribs,so i was happpy enough.  my entree' was the flank steak, which was a nice portion but a little undercooked and the black bean side was cold.  overall an average entree'.  my friend ordered the shrimp with curry vegetables, which she liked a lot and had plenty of leftovers.  i tried the shrimp and they were cooked well and very fresh.  the curry veggies were super hot.  i was a bit disappointed in the wine list having asked for two of the wines on the menu only to find out that they were out of stock.  this is a good spot, but i wouldn't really consider it caribbean or west indian food.  i'm from the carribbean, so maybe i have too high standards.  i'd say this is to carribean food what olive garden is to italian food.
p443
aVfive stars - beer selection on draft!!!! oh my, probably one of the best in the burgh for american craft brews on draft.\u000a\u000athree stars - food.  i assumed because they do a vegetarian price-fixe at times they would have good vegetarian eats, but they were strikingly mediocre.  maybe i'm just not into caribbean, but the bland, soggy pile laid before me doused in coconut milk just didn't cut it.  i'm sure this is a more exciting restaurant for the meat eaters among us.
p444
aVi had eaten here two years ago, and remember it being really good.  i sat at the bar, the bartender was spot-on, and the food was excellent.\u000a\u000awent back this last weekend, and was underwhelmed.  the staff was friendly, helpful, and on-point, which was very much noticed and appreciated.  but the food itself seemed to really lack.\u000a\u000ai had the jamaican curry bowl, which is the last item on the vegetarian menu.  it tasted overspiced; not too spicy, but just as if someone had put in three times the spices the dish called for.  i can't imagine the chef who made this tasted it and liked it.\u000a\u000amy girlfriend got the salmon, which was a really good-sized portion, but it could probably have been fresher.  we split an appetizer that was pretty good, and each had one drink.\u000a\u000athe music was great, actually.  there's a wall of speakers above the front row of tables, but it's turned to a background volume, which led to the music being clear, well balanced, and unobtrusive.  the decor was good, and i especially liked the custom trussing of lights over the bar.  \u000a\u000aanyways, after tax and tip, the entrees should have wowed the hell out of me, and they really failed to do so.  i had wanted to go try the vegetarian prix fixe, but i'll probably hold off on that for awhile.  i'll eventually head back, as i do remember having a great meal there, but at $85 for the two entrees, two drinks, and an appetizer, i'm not in a hurry to check it out again.
p445
aVi have the best boyfriend in the world and together, we like to explore different restaurants. we actually keep a list of places that we want to visit and the list is long! \u000a\u000asaturday night we were in the mood for something a little different and kaya seemed to fit the bill. we had a 7:00 pm reservation, however, i do not believe that a reservation would have been necessary. things didn't start off too well, as the hostess tried to seat us at the banquet next to a gentleman at the next table who was fixated with the tv and had his butt blocking off half our table. when we insisted on another seat and pointed out several available, the hostess said "i think we are expecting a table of 10 and need that space". well, alrighty then. \u000a\u000awe did get a different table without an over hanger, but then it seemed to take awhile for our server to greet us. adam was very nice and very knowledgeable concerning the menu. \u000a\u000ai had a key lime marguerita. bj had a red stripe beer. we were starving so we ordered up a couple appetizers. we got shrimp fritters with spicy mango sambal. they were delicious but i thought they were a little stingy with the sambal. bj got jamaican jerk wings with cilantro cream. he said they were very crispy and tasted good. he also really like the cream sauce. \u000a\u000afor dinner i got the tempura battered chili relleno stuffed with hominy and crinimi mushroom stuffing and served on slaw. adam reported that the chef had recently changed the recipe and inquired if i liked it (i was only able to eat a little less than half). i thought it was definitely the best chili relleno that i have ever eaten. the only downside was that it was served slightly warm. i like my food just like i like my men, hot and toasty! bj had the tropical paella. it was chicken, chorizo, shrimp, bay scallops, mussels, pineapple, roasted red peppers and sugar snap peas. i managed to steal a couple snap peas which were awesome. but bj, who always cleans his place, didn't finish. he reported that the portion was plentiful, but he expected the dish to be a little more spanish type flavored, rather than a jambalaya. also, he thought was over seasoned, the flavors could have been a bit some subtle. \u000a\u000afor dessert, we shared a single scoop of "mystery" sorbet. it was a mix of mango, ginger, lemon, etc. and after eating it, the rest of the flavors is still a mystery. it was a great finish to the meal. \u000a\u000aour take was that the restaurant was just okay, nothing special and definitely not the place to go for a romantic meal.
p446
aVi recently went to kaya's monthly vegetarian prix fix dinner, complete with wine pairings. i ordered all of the vegan options. i was not entirely impressed...\u000a\u000athe amuse, a beet ceviche, was delicious -- i would have traded out my main course for a big bowl of it. the two bite portion was a true tease.\u000a\u000acourse one was roasted potatoes, meh. these were served with a green tomato ketchup which tasted too much like heinz for me to give a shit. ok, it did have notes of apple which was slightly interesting. but also served on the side was a "sour cream" and onion dip that was pretty yummy and had hints of horseradish.  i think the "sour cream" base is the same as that used at mad mex.\u000a\u000asecond course was chilled english pea soup. i love raw english peas, thus appreciated the imagination of this soup (i believe it was a raw dish). however, i would have just as soon cracked open fresh pods, enjoying the full texture of nature's candy. toward the bottom of my bowl of soup, i realized that blenderization diminishes the essence of peas, and felt slightly sad.\u000a\u000acarrot-lime intermezzo -- fine.\u000a\u000athird course was a big disappointment. roasted porchini arepas sounded exciting ("what are arepas?"), but it tasted rather plain. the arepa was dry; dying for some of that "sour cream" and onion condiment from course one. the mushrooms were delicious, as mushrooms are, and that is my only compliment for this course. crispy sweet potato fries were served on the side, but again with no condiments and i had had my fill of potatoes at course one. this course lacked moisture and flavor all around.\u000a\u000aso why three stars instead of two? dessert was amazing. "strawberry pound cake" is the strawberry short-cake i have been dreaming about for 13 years (about the length of time i have been vegan). probably not all that difficult to make, but wow, those strawberries were good (i surmise they were local, yay)!\u000a\u000athe mignardises, chili chocolate, was like a slightly spicy m&m. cute.\u000a\u000ato quote kaya's website, "the menus emphasize flavor and variety, presenting familiar foods in exciting ways, and making exotic foods delightfully accessible." i feel that exotic foods were completely lacking from this meal and that the emphasis was placed on creativity with familiar foods. plantains would have been an excellent substitution for one of the potato dishes. the meal was full of "american" flavor with very little suggestion of "island" influence (ie. lime and cilantro). perhaps they strive to use local ingredients, which would be cool, but there were no indications of that on the menu. no, i am not going to lay into a discourse to define "american" cusine, but hey, the restaurant is located in the u.s., admittedly serves "fusion" styles and the kitchen boys were white; probably studied culinary arts in 'merica. i mean that one should not expect an exotic experience at kaya, though one should expect, demand even, an imaginative and quality meal.\u000a\u000athe wine pairings were all perfectly on point; i owe much to this in creating what was generally a lovely meal. \u000a\u000athe service was also excellent. we had come in from the rain and were soaked; the host brought us towels to dry ourselves. our server made intense eye contact which, in my eyes, made her an attentive communicator.\u000a\u000athe ambiance was nice, with exception for the tv airing cnn in the front corner; it wasn't obtrusive, but it was there. i did not care for the seating. the tables were close together, and there was a great distance across the table between my date and i, thus at kaya, you will often be sitting closer to your neighbor than your companion. \u000a\u000athankful to the date who paid,\u000aheidi
p447
aV3.5 stars.  i've had the kaya burger in the past as well as brunch yesterday.  kaya focuses on an "island" theme to their food and is located in the strip district at the corner of 20th and smallman st.\u000a\u000abrunch on sunday starts at 11 am.  my companion and i decided to sit outdoors since it was a rare beautiful day of mid-november in pittsburgh.  we started out with their smoked salmon appetizer and their jamaican jerk chicken wings.  for entrees i got the kaya benedict.\u000a\u000ai ordered the smoked salmon b/c i like beginning my meals with some sort of cured meat, either a smoked salmon or some sort of antipasto.  the smoked salmon appetizer came out with a large serving of smoked salmon topped with minced onion, cilantro, a drizzle of creme fraiche and two fresh tortillas from reyna's foods right down the street.  we added the jamaican jerk chicken wings and it was definitely a good decision.  typically chicken wings are fried and then tossed in a sauce.  these wings were super flavorful and crispy; i think they were marinated and then baked?  i'll ask next time i'm there.  the lime cilantro sauce was creamy and full of cilantro, but i would have liked a bit more lime for a little more zing.\u000a\u000athe kaya benedict didn't meet my expectations at all.  it was cornbread with roast pork topped with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce.  the cornbread was sweet but it just didn't fit into the dish at all and clashed with the roast pork and the egg.  it's texture was soft and made the entire entree mushy...  the roast pork too... completely uninspiring.  it came with grilled pineapple, which was pretty good as well as their house hash brown, which was a plated as a weird mound with slight crustiness on the outside and mainly mush inside.  the spices of it just didn't click with me.\u000a\u000athe kaya burger though, is one of kaya's saving graces (along with their happy hour).  i ordered it medium rare and it came topped with bacon, avacado, tomato, cheese, special sauce, and a sunny side up egg.  it comes with a side of chips, but you can substitute their side salad if you want.  gourmet burgers are always interesting because the chef's choice in combination of toppings and the bun shows a representation of his/her cooking style.  as someone who views himself as a burger purist, i'm not too familiar with gourmet burgers in general, but the kaya burger did impress me.\u000a\u000ai'd probably just stick munching on some appetizers with drinks during their weekday happy hour from 5-7 pm.
p448
aVtrust me when i say you need to go here! \u000a\u000ayou need to go here for a couple different reasons. number one: the food is caribbean amazingness. number two: the happy hour specials are a great deal, half off most all drinks, including beers, wines and mixed drinks. you really can't beat that! number three: it's like you're on an island mon, so lots of funky art and furniture. the bar stools are little palm trees!\u000a\u000athey have a great selection of south american wines and beers. they change up the beers to offer tasty seasonal brews on tap, so you're able to try new things pretty often. the food is also incredible! my favorites are the fish taco's, which has this delicious slaw mixture inside. also, the jerk chicken wings along with a cilantro dipping sauce is mouth watering. i love this sauce and always get a side of sweet potato fries to dip into the sauce! and the sweet potato fries! oh.my.gawd! so good! \u000a\u000aso if you're in the strip it's right off the beaten path on smallman st. and 20th. it's worth it for lunch, dinner, happy hour and even brunch on sundays. go! go! go!
p449
aVi stopped in for a bite after a wine tasting event. the place was packed for a thursday night. i enjoyed the ambiance. the food was ok. i has the fried chicken thursday special and the portion was huge. i felt it was very good. my date had the seviche. she was not impressed. very small portion and lacked flavor.
p450
aVmy boyfriend and i went to kaya on one of the first ridiculously, awfully hot days in june.  it was our three-year anniversary (of dating).  i would've loved to sit outside, but their tables weren't shaded and even in the early evening, it would've been too hot to sit along the sidewalk.  so inside we went.\u000a\u000athe decor was really cool, and comfortable.  the caribbean vibe flows throughout the restaurant with the music, the lights, the shape of the chairs, the bar - like a classy tiki lounge?  you'll feel like you're on vacation.\u000a\u000aour server was great - i can't remember his name, unfortunately, but he wore glasses and i think he had a ponytail.  he was friendly and casual, quick with a joke and a recommendation.  we started a carafe of rum runners - a carafe will get you three drinks for the price of two, so do it - and the drinks were delicious.  the rum runner has two kinds of rum, blackberry brandy, banana liqueur, orange juice, pineapple juice, and grenadine - it tasted and looked just as good as it sounds.  and we were still able to drive afterward.\u000a\u000afor the meal, we began with the jamaican jerk wings with cilantro cream sauce, and they were fan-tas-tic.  some of the best wings i've had anywhere, ever.  they are spicy, and the skin is crispy, and they were just luscious.  the cilantro cream sauce provided the perfect balance.  i'd order this again anytime.\u000a\u000awe then split the tropical paella - they split the entree onto two plates for us - and it was quite good as well.  less stunning than the wings, less creative perhaps, but well executed, tasty, and satisfying nonetheless.  the seafood in the paella was well-cooked, and the taste of the pineapple was outstanding.\u000a\u000awe were still a tiny bit hungry, so we got calamari instead of dessert.  the calamari came with jicama, radicchio, coconut, and peanuts, in a sesame-banana vinaigrette.  the flavors were undeniably tropical, the calamari was crispy, and we picked at it long after we were full, just to get one more sweet, crunchy bite.\u000a\u000athere are some pricey options here, and some very moderately priced items.  they also have happy hour on weekdays, so i think you could easily eat here without breaking the bank.  i'd call this an easy 4 star review....edging toward 4 1/2....i bet they could break the 5 star barrier if we had one more great dinner here!
p451
aVafter cirque du soleil in the strip, we wandered over to kaya for some dinner and luckily we made it there before everyone else so the wait was only a couple of minutes. we sat outside and it was really nice on a warm day. have to take advantage of them when we can here.\u000a\u000ai agree with everyone else that the drinks are awesome - i could drink kaya's white sangria all day. but as for the food i thought the fish tacos were overpriced for what they were. i ordered them from the suggestion of the waiter who said they were a popular dish since i couldn't decide. i just remember eating them and thinking to myself that i've had better. i would go back to kaya for some drinks but maybe pass on the food. the service was super though.
p452
aVhappy hours rock in general, but i have to admit i was impressed by kaya's hh...1/2 off drinks - awesome!!! \u000a\u000aa friend i went there last week and we got the black bean dip (delish) and then i ordered the jamaican jerk wings which i really enjoy with their cilantro cream sauce which is delectable. she got the fish tacos which i had a bite out of and they were sooooo good! \u000a\u000awe also got the bbq tofu thingy and have to admit - not a huge fan. there was little flavor to them and they had a cinnamony taste which was weird. maybe i was expecting the tofu that they have at mad mex as an appetizer (i think it's asian inspired) which is really really good. \u000a\u000aso although i wasn't blown away by all the food, the fact that we were getting 1/2 off drinks and 90% of the food was very tasty - i think i'll check this place out more often!
p453
aVi really like it here. i've never had anything here that wasn't delicious. the bean dip is always good, and the menu is constantly changing & seasonal.  they have one of the best happy hours in the city, and this place is a great place to bring a date, whether it's the first or the 50th.  they have a very good draft list as well.  the theme, as many have likely mentioned, is caribbean.  that being one of my favorite cuisines, i really have nothing bad to say here.  they even have carib beer!  it's brewed in trinidad & tobago...it's not necessarily special, but i've spend ~4 weeks in the country, and it brings back a ton of great memories.  \u000a\u000aif you haven't been here, you need to go.  it's location is not ideal in that it's in a relatively slow area of the strip, but this place is a real gem.
p454
aVjerk chicken wings are delicious, jerk chicken is seasoned to perfection and spicy. i was first introduced to kaya's when i was in middle school, on a school field trip. the plan of the field trip was to introduce inner city youths to tropical/exotic cuisine. that field trip left a huge impression on me. i have now been dinning at kaya's for over 11 years!  \u000a\u000acrispy fish tacos are excellent and bright and flavorful.  a meal that picks you up and give you energy, instead of bogging you down.\u000a\u000akaya's keeps it genuine to the caribbean isles. \u000a\u000athey do remove and add menu option frequently, one of my favorite menu items was the paelle. there is a lobster tail served right in with the sausage , chicken , muscles and clams.
p455
aVi ate here for brunch this past weekend with my girlfriend and her parents for father's day.  we had made reservations earlier in the week for when kaya opened and i am glad that we did as the restaurant seemed to fill up quickly shortly after we arrived.\u000a\u000awe decided to start off our brunch by splitting the conch fritters.  there were seven conch balls that were served on top of a tropical tarter sauce that contained capers.  the conch was nice and crispy and paired well with the slightly salty tarter sauce.  for my entree i decided upon the slow roasted pork benedict.  after a long wait of about 70 minutes after being seated, it finally arrived.  even though i generally do not like cornbread, i enjoyed the play on eggs benedict by using the cornbread as the english muffin and pork instead of the ham.  it tasted wonderful as well with the pork being tender and juicy while the lime hollandaise sauce had a good flavor to it.  the sides were good to as they made a sweet and savory mixture with the hash browns mixed in with pineapple chunks.  several times during the wait for our entrees the waitress apologized to us and even took the step of notifying the manager that our food took a long time, without us saying a word about it. after the meal the manager came over to us and apologized herself and comped two of the meals, once again without us having said anything.  from that i would have to say that they have some pretty good customer service.\u000a\u000athe bottom line for me is that i have been here many times before and will be headed back again.  kaya has both interesting and tasty dishes that you will not find anywhere else in the city and i was more than impressed with their customer service this past visit.
p456
aVi have no idea why i never got around to reviewing kaya seeing as it's been a staple in my pittsburgh restaurant rotation since i moved here. in fact, it was the first "nice" meal i had in pittsburgh, before i even made my official move...i celebrated my 21st birthday here! although it's not one of my very very favorite spots in the 'burgh, the food is consistently good and the carribean-inspired fare is something that i normally wouldn't gravitate toward, so it's nice when i want something a bit different than the standard "new american."\u000a\u000ai mostly come here for their brunch, and one of the big reasons is that it's served until 3pm! the only thing is, make sure you show up at least 15 minutes before that...the "brunch kitchen" closes at 3 o'clock sharp, unlike sister restaurant casbah, which seats for brunch until 2pm but won't rush your ordering. anyway...my favorite thing on the brunch menu is the roasted pork benedict with grilled pineapple. the chilaquiles (basically, breakfast nachos) are also delicious, weird as they may sound. and the kaya burger is always a safe choice.\u000a\u000athe dinner menu changes, so i've never ordered the same thing twice here. but everything i have had has been great. one of my favorite apps is the corn and lentil beignets--if you like spicy, get them! they also have a pretty large and super fun (read: girly) cocktail menu, and since they are tropical in nature, it's totally okay to imbibe at any time of the day! that's how that works, right? riiight...?\u000a\u000athey have a fried chicken night on thursdays that a lot of people like. kinda makes me wish i liked fried chicken so i could try it but i'm weird like that!
p457
aVmy husband's and my good friend had his birthday party here last weekend. i was so excited to finally try this restaurant that i've been wanting to try for at least a year or two!\u000a\u000awe arrived at 6pm on friday night and made sure to have a couple drinks before the 5-7pm half off happy hour (monday-friday!) was over. i ordered both the red sangria and white sangria, but sadly just got two red sangrias. i was tempted to complain but didn't feel like bothering. i enjoyed the drinks and thought it was a good deal for $4 each.\u000a\u000awe started with the mushroom saute. wow! delicioso! i could've eaten a huge bowl of this stuff. i absolutely love mushrooms and plantains, and the amazing, hearty sauce on this saute was to die for. next, we split the tropical paella entree. the kitchen split our meal onto two different plates, which i thought was really nice. the portion size was enormous considering we both had a nice amount after splitting it in half. the paella was good, but personally, it had too much caribbean spice for my taste. i definitely prefer a less spicy paella, like the dish you would get at nearby mallorca in the south side.\u000a\u000aafter an amazing appetizer and good dinner, we ordered the chocolate bread pudding and were blown away! it was the perfect dessert after a hearty, caribbean-style meal. the bread pudding was a great, bread-like (not mushy) texture and had the perfect balance of chocolate and bread.\u000a\u000ai had a great time at kaya and was not disappointed, even after waiting a couple years to finally try the restaurant. i look forward to going back very soon!
p458
aVi had really high expectations for this place after hearing so much about it, so that may be part of why i'm only giving it 3 stars, but i really didn't think it was that amazing.  i went with a group of 15 where we had a reservation a few weeks in advance for such a large group.  after we made our reservation, my understanding is that they later asked us to move the time up from our original 7pm to 7:45 pm since that was a less busy time for them, which i found kind of odd since they should give priority to who called first.  since they close at 10pm and dinner with that large of a group can take while, around 9:40 they started bringing checks out even though some people's desserts hadn't arrived yet, which i also found to be unusual and kind of annoying when they did push our time up 45 min.  \u000a\u000athe service was just ok, but decent for such a large group.  when i sat down i had no drink menu (though did have a food menu) but there was one way on the other side of a very large table.  i asked the waiter for a drink menu and he said his hands were full but that there was already one on the table---ummm way down on the other end and people were using it.  he said he'd be back with one in a bit anyway, but when he came back he had no menu so i then had to eventually get it passed all the way down the table when he finally brings more.  they did have a very nice drink list, including an impressive draft selection that i was happy about.\u000a\u000aas for the food, it was a little pricier than i was expecting for caribbean food so i expected it to be amazing (most entrees in the upper $20's, and appetizers also expensive--chips and salsa was like $7/8!!).  i ordered the bbq tofu cracklings for an appetizer which was tasty but way too huge, and i normally really like generous portions--it filled up a huge plate and was bigger than my entree so i could not even eat half of it.  i would have much rather preferred a smaller appetizer for half the price.  it was tasty but there was a bit too much bbq sauce on it and it really was just fried not so crispy tofu, not sure why they called it cracklins--i was expecting something much crispier.  for my entree i ordered the flank steak and the presentation was beautiful and the fried egg on top was a nice touch.  i asked for it cooked medium and it came out exactly as i requested.  however, although it tasted quite good and flavorful, the steak was quite chewy, which was disappointing for something that looked so lovely.  i was expecting a higher quality of meat for the price ~$26.\u000a\u000athe atmosphere and decor are very nice and the bar seems to be the centerpiece here although there's a decent amount of table seating.  i think i'd come back for their happy hour but i felt their dinner, while good, was not really a good value for the prices.
p459
aVkaya has one of the very best happy hours in town, and the space inside is nice.  \u000a\u000apros:\u000a\u000agood happy hour\u000ai will knife fight you for the last glob of the bean dip, it is that good.\u000a\u000acons:\u000athe service is iffy and the staff can be rude.  dont try going there without a reservaton and expect to be seated at a table without the hostess letting you know she is bothered\u000a\u000athe food is just ok.  it is not great.  in my opinion, this is the weakest of the big burrito's restaurants.  i ordered paella the last time i was there and it was so pungently fishy it was inedible and i had to send it back\u000a\u000aif you dine here, stick to the appetizers and enjoy some good cocktails.  i'll go here again, but this is not my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh.
p460
aVlove the fish tacos here. they give you 3 tacos in a corn tortilla filled with crispy fish and cabbage slaw, avocado, and cilantro. the tortillas are apparently reyna's tortillas which is the taco stand down the street which means they're freshly made corn tortillas. the tacos are a bit on the pricey end for the size of the tacos. $17 for three fish tacos.\u000a\u000athe burger is probably worth more the price of $12. it's topped with all my favorite condiments: pickles, sunnyside up egg, avocado, tomato, and bacon. also comes with kaya chips which seems to be a mixture of potato chips and plantain chips.\u000a\u000amy only complaint is the way they handle seating and reservations. it's pretty hard to come here without a reservation. even if the restaurant is empty you might not be able to get in without a reservation.\u000a\u000athey did accommodate us this one time when we had an extra person than what we originally said when we made a reservation. they seated us at a larger table but told us we had to finish within an hour or so. that was enough time and it was nice of them to allow us to switch tables rather than turn us away.
p461
aVi've been to this place a few times since i've lived in pittsburgh and i've always had a pretty good experience. it's located in one of the coolest streets in the strict district and decorated really nicely with a lot of potential.  in my opinion, i think that the food (and drink) items are overpriced for the portions and quality, but it is a good place to go for a happy hour. i forget what the exact deal is, but i think that both drinks and appetizers are fairly cheap. to be honest, i wouldn't recommend a cocktails and sit-down meal here, but visit to enjoy the happy hour deals.
p462
aVi love caribbean food and could not wait to try this place out.  this restaurant is in the middle of the strip, offers an outdoor seating area, and a great unique menu with a touch of pittsburgh flare. i recommending going for happy hour and think they have one of the best deals in the burgh-1/2 all drinks-that is draft and bottled beer, wine, mixed drinks, specialty drinks-the only exception is the pitchers of sangria. their red sangria is delicious and always my first drink! they also have a nice list of beers.  the space is small and i recommend making reservations if going for dinner.  some of\u000amy favorite starters are the kaya chips with mango salsa-this salsa is so delicious and the tofu cracklings- lettuce wraps with tofu and the chipotle bbq sauce adds a great flavor.    lots of seafood on the menu but if you are not a seafood person like me i go with the pulled pork quesadillas for my entrée.
p463
aVthe funny thing is wholey's is not so much i  place i go for fish, but for other harder to find cuts of pork and beef. it's a convenient stop for me when i need pork hocks and beef tongue. the prices are quite competitive. \u000a\u000ai'm not sure what's up with the sushi guy in the front. he's always giving me the evil eye.
p464
aVi'm surprised people don't talk about it much, but my favorite part of wholey's is andy's sushi bar. check it out!\u000a\u000ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz/andys-sushi-bar-pittsburgh
p465
aVa great store . the freshest seafood in the city . the part i like best is the hot foods prepared outside on a grill right in front of you . salmon , halibut , steak kabobs etc. luke grills everything to perfection 7 days a week .
p466
aVfoodie paradise!!!\u000a\u000awe had so much fun shopping here, i swear we stayed nearly an hour.  i had no idea how big the store was!  first i thought it was just seafood, then i saw meat, then i saw fancy groceries and produce - it's everything you need!  and it's (mostly) well-priced!\u000a\u000asome items seemed a bit overpriced, but most were very reasonable.  we got some lovely salmon for only $6 a pound.  i think it was "salmon tail" so maybe that's a cheaper cut, but it tasted lovely and fresh.  we also got very inexpensive and huuuuuge chicken breasts.  these things were massive!  you wouldn't think that it mattered where you get boneless, skinless chicken breasts, but you can tell there was something special about these.  they were just...plumper.  and they smelled fresh and looked gorgeous.\u000a\u000awe also got a pound of also very inexpensive housemade hot italian sausage that was soooo yummy!  made it tonight with rigatoni in tomato vodka sauce.  it would be a wonderful accompaniment to any meal.\u000a\u000awe've only been in the strip district once, but we'll definitely be back to visit wholey's again!
p467
aVas a fish market wholey's is pretty much one of a kind here in pittsburgh.  today was great i saw a tilapia jump out of the tank and land on the floor. the poor fish wanted out of his mediocre environment.  no worries though a staff member threw it back in the tank. \u000ai purchased some tilapia and gulf shrimp.  i could not find soy sauce on the shelves. when i thought soy sauce is a common enough ingredient. \u000ai always make it a point to stop into wholey's when i am in the strip.
p468
aVi mean, it's fishy, like real fishy in here.  not in the suspicious way...but in the way where the smell of fish engulfs you as soon as you hit the door!  you're coming here because you're serious about fish!\u000a\u000abut not only will you find fresh fish here, but you'll also find really cheap fresh produce too!  i feel like that's a little known fact.  it may be a challenge if you're just going for the cheap produce and can't stand the smell of fish though...so bring the nose plugs.  \u000a\u000ai love coming here in the summer when i want to grill out.  i stop in for the fresh tuna steak and shrimp.  this is the place to go to get big portions and half the cost of giant eagle, and you know it's going to be good and worth it!  \u000a\u000aon the off months it's nice to come in to grab a nice fishy lunch (hello fish sammie!) or stop in for sushi at andy's sushi bar (see andy's sushi bar review!).  seriously, if you're a fish lover, you really must come in here!  you'll obviously be okay with the fish smell then...non-fish lovers beware.  don't say i didn't warn you!
p469
aVgreat selection of meat and seafood. i have never bought the seafood here, but they have a variety of meat good for cooking just about any cuisine. from sausage casings to whole rabbits you can find just about anything. you can also reserve meat in advance. every year my college organization would reserve 20 pounds of meat for our event. was able to do so without a problem. just call ahead a few days in advance.\u000a\u000athey also have a section for fresh fruits and vegetables. they aren't as cheap as the local farmer's markets across the street and down the block, but still a little cheaper than giant eagle and a whole lot cheaper than whole foods.
p470
aVwhen i think of the strip district, one of the first places that comes to mind is wholey's. my husband and i have always enjoyed browsing around the fresh fish and meat. though i'm not great about knowing competitive prices myself, i came here with my sister-in-law about a year or two ago, and she was extremely impressed with how inexpensive everything was. \u000a\u000acurrently, two of my favorite things from wholey's are their fresh peanut butter (try the honey roasted, too) and their guava jelly. the peanut butter is out-of-this-world delicious. the guava jelly isn't mind blowing, but i can't find it at the local giant eagle or trader joe's, so i love that i can get it somewhere in pittsburgh. (my mom grew up in africa and my dad's mom was from cuba, so i inherited a love of guava from both sides!) when my husband and i came here last weekend, we bought jellies and sauces for some family members as christmas gifts, so i can't wait to find out what they think of all the items.
p471
aVwholey's has a large selection of fish, meats, and produce. wholey's probably has the largest selection and variation of goods in the strip. based on the prices i noticed, i would assert that the prices here are on par with giant eagle. obviously, some goods are a bit more expensive while others are a little less expensive.\u000a\u000adespite having 'fish market' in the store's name, i have to say that the main draw were the prices in the meat section. i was able to pick up three cuts of thin ny strip steak and three cuts of filet mignon for a bit over $12 for each. $4 for a cut of filet mignon! i'm not sure if there was a sale or a pricing error but wow. and i had no complaints about the quality of the meats.\u000a\u000awholey's is certainly worth a stop when visiting the strip. pay attention and you might find a great deal!
p472
aVi stopped by here for lunch today on a bike ride through the strip district.  the cool, windy fall weather put me in the mood for some warm comfort food, so i opted for the lobster mac and cheese and the lobster and crab bisque.  after debating about the sizes, i decided to get a small (8 oz.) mac and cheese with a mancini's bread roll (upcharge of 65 cents) and a medium (16 oz.) lobster bisque.  i also had a small (16 oz.) homemade lemonade to go with my meal.  all of this set me back $12.20 w/ tax--not too bad!\u000a\u000athe soup and mac and cheese definitely put me in my warm comfort food happy place.  the flavors and textures were pretty good, but they were both a bit on the salty side.  dial back the salt a bit, and they could be excellent.  i'm glad i decided to get the roll with them, since i used it to dunk in the soup, and it cut the saltiness of the two main items.  i'm also glad that i had the lemonade, too, since its sweetness also helped cut the saltiness.  based on the freshness of the roll, i'll have to check out mancini's!\u000a\u000aservice was pretty friendly, so no complaints there.  yes, it does smell quite fishy when you first walk in, as well as over by the fishmonger and down in the basement where the bathrooms are located.  however, the upstairs seating area was nice and didn't smell too fishy to me (it's possible that my nose may have acclimated by then, though.)  there is a toy of some kind that kids play with that sings the same songs over and over and over again (i never did find it, but i could hear it clearly while eating my lunch).  it would be great if it could be moved to an area that isn't as audible to people sitting in the seating area.  (as a railfan, i loved the toy train, however!)  the only other criticism i have is the use of styrofoam cups. the soup bowls are compostable, which is great, but using styrofoam for all of the drink cups cancels out any environmental benefit.\u000a\u000aoverall, this was a solid lunch, esp. given the quality:price ratio.  i'll have to stop by again sometime to try the fried fish sandwich, since that's wholey's signature item.  if you're a seafood fan--or are in the mood for warm comfort food, i'd definitely recommend the mac and cheese and lobster and crab bisque.  it hits the spot!
p473
a.