rock bottom brewery in homestead is always a good time.  they brew their own semi-micro brew here and generally have as many as eight brews to chose from.  saturday night c and i stopped by to have a little dinner and enjoy some of their frosty beverages.  

our first issue of the night was getting to rock bottom.  as the restaurant is located in homestead, a trip across the hi level bridge was in order.  little did we realize that the bridge was under construction and it took nearly 40 minutes to get across it.  upon arriving at the restaurant we were presented with the task of finding a place to park which proved to be a daunting task.  this place was absolutely packed due to several locations sharing a parking lot.  after we got inside, our wait was about 45 minutes but luckily we were able to find a seat inside the packed bar while we waited.

the food at rock bottom is quite tasty, but it is all pretty standard bar fare with the nachos and burgers leading their menu.  they also have entrees such as steaks, but this place is not exactly known for their high class food products.  i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and we quickly determined that this would not be your average plate of nachos in a bar.

our order consisted of a plethora of items from their appetizer menu including chicken nachos, quesadillas and ball park pretzels.  we had planned on splitting a meal for dinner, but by the time the appetizers arrived, we knew we had way too much food in front of us. 

the nachos were on a gigantic plate and piled high with cheese, sour cream, guacamole and shredded chicken.  containing just the right amount of jalapenos they had a nice little kick as well.  in much the same way, the quesadilla was much more than an appetizer portion.  with shredded meats and cheeses overflowing from the tortilla, there was enough food here for a two person entree.  the ball park pretzels are the reason we come to this place.  they are always so light and soft with just the right amount of salt.

as far as the beers are concerned, i ordered up the sampler so that i could get a taste of the various brews.  they make a wide assortment of brews, from the bud lightesque "lumpy dog" to a dark "brew masters choice."  i found many of the beers to be quite tasty, however, nothing exactly special about them.  i would be that a taste test would find one hard pressed to chose the rock bottom brew over any off the shelf six pack.  don't get me wrong - still excellent brews, but i would expect more from a place that claims to be a brewery.

i give it 3 out of 5 rinsem's due to the lack of originality in the brews and the amount of traffic involved with getting in and out of the place.horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menusummary:
if i was in the area and no one had a better suggestion for where to go, i might come back for beer and appetizers.

good:
- decent beer...
- original pretzel appetizer.  you take chunks of soft pretzel and dunk it in spinach cheese dip.
- huge portions.  most of us had leftovers.  the rb appetizer sampler was multi-story and way more food that we could handle.  the half order of ribs looked like a full rack.
- attentive service with quick seating and frequent drink/water refills.
- amusing name.

bad:
- lots of food choices... burgers... steak... chicken... salads.  lots of drink choices... beers... wines... mixed drinks.  i guess this could be seen as good, but it takes a while for everyone to pick something and since no one's awesome at everything, you could tell right away that nothing distinguishes this place.
- none of the food was super awesome.  nothing was awful, but nothing stood out in any way.  i've had better beer, appetizers, and a better main course at plenty of breweries.
- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty.

come if you want bar food, but keep your expectations low.i am a big fan of rock bottom.
there are several dishes that are money.
appetizer:  seared ahi, spinach artichoke dip
entree :      fire steak, pub tips or chicken fried chicken.
desert :      carrot cake (to die for)
bar food:     pizza or ball park pretzels.  both of which are sprayed with brown ale.  
half the menu is really good, the other half is great.  
the beer is good.  ask for the sampler!  they usually have a velvet and something on cask.  ask for one of those if you are looking for something different.  they will also have a scotch ale, an ipa, whiskey stout or other specialty depending on the mood of the brewer (which, if its still matt, the mood is grumpy).   if andy is still working there, he is sure to please and molly is great in the cocktail area.
head over to sing sing after dinner and its a wrap.
i used to work there several years ago and i make it a point to hit every rb i possibly can.
don't go to the one in charlotte though, its not really a rock bottom.i thought this place was pretty decent. my friend and i were both still reeling from thanksgiving dinner so we ordered salads... and they were huge. and tasty. i liked my salad though it was slathered in way too much dressing. my friend's was even more slathered so she didn't dig it too much. we'd also ordered chips with guacamole, the guac was pretty good. my friend enjoyed her beer. i enjoyed my coke (i know, i'm lame).

so yeah... wasn't bad, wasnt the best, but it was okay.microbrewed beers are only a plus to me when they're better than the beer i would have drank otherwise.  one waitress i had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as "kind of like coors light".  if i wanted coors, i'll pay half as much and have one.  

the food is actually a saving grace, as it was pretty good.  head next door to sing sing for drinks, though.not the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.

i like the food and i have tried all the beers.  they're just "ok" as far as beer goes.

large portions. friendly staff.my friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. after we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and i had ordered meal that came with a desert! really dissapointing all around.everytime i come here i stick with the nachos add chicken add side of guac and i've never been dissappointed.  i sit in the bar, grab a drink or 2 and eat those nachos.  the bar has a pool table and plenty of flatscreens.  rock bottom is a chain but it's one of the better chains in the area.  i'll pass on chili's or friday's and come to rock bottom instead.  oh and typically i walk over to target - work off some of those nachos.nobody has reviewed this in a while, but i am surprised at the lack of lovin'!  my husband and i ate here a few nights ago and we liked it a lot.

we started with drinks--he got the house-brewed portland wheat and said it was quite a good beer, and i got a mixed drink (red rock) that was also tasty.  

he got a burger covered in mozzarella cheese and i got a mahi sandwich.  both great--the fries and side salads are good here too, and there is no skimping on portions of anything.  there were tons of things on the menu that i'm looking forward to trying.

we are usually not dessert people at all but ended the meal sharing a triple chocolate stout cheesecake--who can resist a beer cheesecake, come on!

our food and service was great.  they had the penguins game on all the tvs in the bar and were setting up live music for after the game.  seriously, what's not to like!?  i'm thinking this place has changed for the better since the last review a year ago... :)this is literally the first place i went when i first came to pittsburgh - and i loved it. hearty, full-sized meals, lots to choose from, and not too crowded or noisy. although, for the sake of full disclosure, i didn't sit at the bar and i don't drink alcohol so i can't comment on that. i go back to pittsburgh often and rock bottom ends up being a good standby for a dinner and a movie kind of night. really, i have no complaints about this place so i'm surprised by the few low ratings here.little slow on the service and didn't have the beer i wanted on the menu. but you get those things when they brew their own beers on-site.   but the stadium pretzels are good.  the cream stout is tasty.

the burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries.  i'm not a fan of the skinny fry, but hey the burgers would choke a horse - and almost did.  :o)lately, the rock bottom is hit or miss. the beers are always good and the uppity jagoff ipa is one of the best india pale ales i've ever tasted. the low point lately has been the food. i will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu. that said, i ordered the lobster roll and when it arrived, the bread was as hard as a brick and cold. the filling was okay, but the lobster flavor was masked by over spicing. i suggest you eat somewhere else and imbibe at the rock bottom.pretty good! excellent beer sampler - bargain!  veggie burger awesome. onion rings awesome. fried mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious.first off, i will say that i just moved here from california and was a big patron at the rockbottom in long beach. i came to the homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.

now, rockbottom is a chain brewery, so a lot was the same... the menu, the food prices (yet beer is cheaper, and i am fine with that). i have always found their food to be pricey, but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so i am fine with that. the food here was just as good as the long beach location, so i have no problem with the chef at all.

service was good, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. i wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going, but that isn't a big thing. went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention, but he was very friendly and i got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned i had just moved here... i really enjoyed that.

beer: we got the beer sampler to try the whole list... and, well... i found the dark beers a bit lacking in comparison. the light beer and the wheat were amazing, very impressed. the pale was ok, as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night... but both were way too citrusy. the uppity ipa was very good... i don't usually like ipas because the hops overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance. still, couldn't do a whole glass. i felt the imperial stout had a bitter burned taste that was overpowering... i almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it (not ice cream malt, for the non-homebrewers). the brown and amber were decent, but bland. i ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and was able to finish it all without forcing it.... one point up on long beach, who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass was empty.

i really wanted to try the das gut dopplebock, but they were out. looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so i hope i can catch that. also want to try the snow moon belgian.

verdict: while i was not too impressed with the dark beers, i found the lighter ones very good and i look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. it is a good hour drive south to get there, so i won't be going too often, but i will be back.even since rock bottom opened (7 years ago???) i have always thought it was a dance club.  i am not really sure why but i thought it was along the same line as (throw back) hi-tops but i did. i think i always thought this place was a club because of the behemoth size of the space. 

well i was out with a friend and we needed a place to go before a show at the improv and rock bottom was close. 

part of this is my fault...i always order "healthy" items at places that specialize is greasy bar food...then i am upset when the meal isn't 5 star.  

i started off with one of their wheat beers, it was alright. i nursed it all through dinner so i don't think i was head over heels in love with it.  i got the catch of the day, off the hook, fish dish, sailors delight or something(i forget it had some cheesy fish themed name).  it was cod (meh, that should have been the sign not to get it) with roasted asparagus and lemon rice.  the fish was suppose to be broiled but it had a thick breading (annoyed) and the portion of fish was tiny. the rice and asparagus were great though. 

my friend got a chicken sandwich which he enjoyed although the fries were pathetic.  the fries were probably pre-cut frozen fries or just very poorly executed.  they were so thin that you have to grab a huge handful just to get any actual potato flavor.

pros: a lot of tables (no wait), brew special beers, big menu, could hear the dueling piano bar next door

cons: place was fairly empty and we got a crappy table by the door when it was 5 degrees outside, most of the food was fried, cheese filled, cream based, or wrapped in bacon.  i know some people love to eat food like this all the time( i do every once in awhile) but if you eat out a lot you can't always get the spin dip, burger, and ice cream sundae.  (i would love to but its just not in my cards). i do like like when causal places offer some healthy options.went with a group after work for dinner and a brew.  we ordered a few appetizers first.  the wings are good and the soft pretzels with spicy spinach cheese dip was fun.  had a burger, you can create your own from veggie, turkey, or fresh ground beef. had a fresh ground beef and the meat was fresh and cooked perfectly with a fresh bun.

the brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn't busier.here's the trick to enjoying a meal at rock bottom: don't get fancy with your food order.  stick with the sandwiches, salads, burgers, and bar food; and you'll be ok.  i've had bad experience will all the fish dishes (including the fish and chips).  also, i've found the service is generally better in the bar area than the dinner area.  join the mug club, even if you don't go often, and rack up points for free mugs and beers.  thursdays are trivia nights and the dj is playing the music loud, so go if you don't really want to have a conversation with the person you're with :)beer selection was good, but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. the bourbanzola was a good addition. defiantly a place i would go again. joe, our server, was awesome and super friendly.i love this place!  great atmosphere and friendly service every time i go!!rock bottom is a nice hangout place. often when you are out and about with friends you arrive home with no voice from screaming over all of the background noise. great if your out to see a band, but not so much fun if you actually want to talk to the people sitting around you. 


depending on your mood you can sit in the dining area full of booths and tables. it's alittle separated from the main bar area so provides for a semi quiet dining area. the bar area gives you a choice of sitting at the surrounding tables with waitress service or hanging out at the bar itself. complete with a chillie ice strip to keep those yummy brews cold and the ever entertaining company of your favorite bartender. when the weather cooperates the outdoor patio houses about 6 tables for outdoor dining. the view however...not so picturesque, just the entrance to the improv. which hey, that could be the perfect seat if you're stocking the local comics! 


the bar area contains pools tables and dart boards to try your skills. on any give night sports fans can enjoy the games of the day on one of the 6 big screen tvs surrounding the bar area. 

the menu is pretty decent with burgers that are cooked to order with the choice of either steak , veggie or chicken. they have a number of specialty burgers with different cheeses, toppings and creative themes. the bourbonzolla is a tasty burger with a bourbon based glaze and gorgonzola cheese. appetizers which range from nachos to firecracker shrimp. steaks, pasta and salads with rotating specials from different areas of the menu. 

on monday the burgers are half off...i don't think you have to be a member of their mug club to get the special. however, if you are here regularly the mug club is great with free gifts and specials. 

http://www.rockbottom.com/mc 

needless to say i have a fun beer glass collection thanks to rock bottom...lol! 

now everyone favorite part about rock bottom's beers! 
the in house brew master keeps it interesting with a rotating variety of frothy yummy to try along with the consistant favorites of ale, ipa's, rotating darks and kolsch. 

stop by on thursday nights for a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skills!we've all had this happen to us - you go past a place one hundred times and never go on. then, once you finally do, you realize how many opportunities you wasted!

rock bottom is definitely a solid bar. as a microbrewery, their beer list is full of house brews. there are better beers in the world, but there are a lot of worse beers out there, too. 

what really makes rock bottom standout, though, is the food. my girlfriend and i shared an order of nachos, and it took everything we had to finish them. they also make a mean soft pretzel. 

the waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in pittsburgh, but no trip to the waterfront, is complete without a bite and a drink at rock bottom.i would have to say i'm pretty partial to rock bottom, i have been going almost every thursday for the past 3 years because of the fantastic "team trivia". my friends and i love the atmosphere, the dj (todd), and the service that we get at rock bottom. 

every week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it, except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new! 

as an avid rock bottomer, hands down i have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than i have had here at rock bottom. whether i have eaten dinner or not before i come down to the restaurant, my favorite and my food of choice is the enormous ball park pretzels with the cheese dip. it is a meal itself! the mixture of onions, cheese, spinach and tomatoes is perfection! 

another favorite of mine is the barbecue chicken pizza, it has a great kick to it and it's big enough for two people. 

the service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff. 

a truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people! 

come to team trivia every thursday at 8pm!rock bottom on thursday nights is the place to be. team trivia starts at 8pm and it is free to play. the dj (todd) is great. 

the food is good, but the ball park pretzels with spicy spinach cheese dip is the best. the wait staff is generally pleasant and on top of things, a few servers are excellent. i am not a beer drinking so i haven't tried the microbrews but the mixed drinks i've had have been good and a few of thier specials perfect. 

on nights that are not trivia nights, rock bottom is quiet and a good place for a small to medium party. larger parties will usually be split into two tables. 

overall, an enjoyable place at which i am a regular.so i have not been to one of these in awhile since i normally have an aversion to chain restaurants, but since i was with colleagues on travel for work and they chose this place i went along. 

first surprise: decent beer.  i remembered the normal rb brewery beers were not much to write home about but they had a couple of new styles, including a very good imperial ipa that for $5/glass cannot be beat.  second surprise: pretty tasty food with a lot more healthy options than i expected.  recommend the summer salad and the ahi tuna - both were great. 

service was a little slow (not sure why) so a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5. i'll be back next time i'm in pittsburgh for work.the beer is good. their light beer, lumpy dog, is very good-- doesn't taste like a light beer. when i was pregnant i became quite a fan of their root beer floats, too.

as others have noted, the pretzels are really good. i'm not a fan of the spinach dip but my husband likes it. veggie burgers are always good, too, though the staff sometimes seems confused when you order, say, the bourbonzola burger with a veggie burger. long, long ago, when i used to go to the rock bottom in boston, there was a hot mushroom / sundried tomato / cheese dip on the menu that was fantastic... if they resurrect that i will gladly add another star!i always feel like i am constantly bashing breweries for their food, but in my opinion, i feel the bar is raised for places like this. it seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer, and slack off on the food. unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category. let's be honest, when you go to a brewery, you want the full experience. if it was only about the beer, i'd go buy a growler and take it home. 

so, about the beer....excellent!!!!! the jagoff ipa is with out a doubt one of the best ipas i have ever had! they only i can think of that i think is better is dogfish head, but that's a matter of opinion. the beer selection is constantly changing, and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. you can't go wrong, there's bound to be a beer everyone will like. 

as for the food.......it's pretty much a crap shoot. sometimes it's good, sometimes it's terrible. my biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. one time it's perfect, then maybe it's cold, or it's burned, or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. unfortunately, it seems there is zero attention to food quality. 

that's pretty much it. this place fixes it's food consistency, and it's a five star place. till then, it's hit or miss!i was so ready to like this place!  turns out, not so much.  it was okay.  no better than tgifridays, but better than eat n park!  the deets.

the hubster and i were here on a saturday evening after a show at the improv so we were happy and in a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats.  we ordered drinks.  he a wheat beer of their brewing, me my fave bloody mary with absolut peppar.  the hubster deemed the beer acceptable, but wouldn't go out of his way to come back just for another one....yes, he did order another one "just to be sure."  my bloody sucked.  watered down tomato juice with no discernible peppar of any kind, let alone any other seasonings.  even a good standard mix would have been better.  our very efficient and friendly waitress took it back and watched while it was remade by the other bartender.  nope, no better at all.  that went back and i went with a you-can't-screw-it-up amaretto sour.  it was fine.

hub ordered a reuben - why, i'll never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented gazebo in shadyside.  you younguns wouldn't have a clue of the establishment of which i speak.  he said this one was "fine."  i had the texas fire steak with jalapeno butter which i enjoyed very much!  packed a punch of heat and flavor, but the sides were uninspired.  steamed veggies.  any flavor was steamed out in the process - eh.  cheddar mashed potatoes - there was cheddar in there?????  no way!

the tab was reasonable - we did have a living social deal that took $30 off, so our check was for $12 and change, not including tip.  not bad (even with the $15 cost of the ls deal), but had we paid full price, it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  we'll hit the improv again - we have before - but, we'll head somewhere else afterwards.i must admit, i do like the brews.  i also like the white cheddar mash potatoes.  other than that, meh.  the food is pretty forgettable.  another "brewery" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  with the restaurants upping the ante on 8th ave, you may want to kick it up a notch rock bottom.  but how would anyone know to?  it's a chain.  whomp whomp!for a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to germany. not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.dined in twice, food ok, atmosphere good.i've always been pleasantly surprised with the food i've gotten at rock bottom.  i say "surprised' because with any restaurant that falls into the slippery territory of a "chain", you expect to find your fair share of culinary duds.  but i've really had a lot of good meals at rock bottom.  now, granted, you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are (a "bar-straunt" if you will), and don't get anything above and beyond this place's call of duty.  for instance, i will never be ordering the ahi tuna.  i'll leave that to my favorite sushi bars and restaurants a bit closer to the water (the mon doesn't count.....).

but besides that, i always really enjoy my meal choices.  i've recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich.  chicken was grilled perfectly, plenty of avocado, and it was a good sized sandwich without being excessive.  i've also ordered the margherita pizza, which could definitely be split between two people.  it's an eight cut that comes to you on a big wooden pizza paddle.  the pizza was really great.  the crust was crispy, it had a good balance of cheese and tomatoes, and the basil pesto was fresh and tasty.  and not greasy whatsoever - big bonus points there.  but my biggest surprise as of late was when i ordered their chicken flautas.  i'm a huge mexican food fan and always hesitate to order mexican outside of a mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed.  but i had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it.  it was delicious.  the flautas are deep fried which gives you an amazing crunch, and they still managed to not dry out the inner ingredients.  the accompanying rice was nice and moist as well.  i was so happy!

i've always been quite happy with the service there as well.  i go on thursday evenings for trivia, and nine times out of ten the service is really spot on.  the ladies servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive.  only once or twice, to my memory, has my service been sub-par, and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed trivia night with only two visible servers helping 50+ people.

i definitely give rock bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh, yummy, and worth coming back for more.i went to rock bottom this past weekend, and it was "nice" to see that nothing has changed in the year or two since my last visit. while the beer is pretty good, it has never outweighed the fact that the service isn't good and the food is average, at best.

it was even difficult to get beers at the bar...we tried to have the girls order, thinking they'd have better luck...when that failed, the men tried...that didn't work either. if we hadn't really wanted a cold beer after a comedy show at the improv, we would've just left. it definitely wasn't busy enough to be noticed and ignored by the bartender, so i can't overlook it. of course, the service has always been spotty at rock bottom, so it was hardly surprising.

combine the weak food and poor service with rock bottom being too far from home for a night out just to drink, and you get the exact formula that's kept me from going there in the past...and will keep me from going often in the future.happy hour at rock bottom, 2 thumbs up!  good prices, the pizza is delicious, drinks are a few dollars off the regular price, good service, and the atmosphere is always casual and fun.the only reason rock bottom gets 3 stars is because of the brews. food was "eh", not many vegetarian options and hostesses who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who didn't text them back. this place has the potential to be great, but sadly, it falls way too short in almost all areas.watch the fat girls in here. they will try to steal your buddys chair in a sec if he goes to the bathroom & then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w/ in ear shot. everything else including the burger & beers i devoured was excellent.rock bottom was our first stop on a 17 mile pub crawl.  as expected, the bar was lively, the food was good, and the service was accommodating,  the beers are better than church brew works and the bar was populated.  the bartender readily offered a taste of beer and gave us a hat to wear for the rest of the crawl.  
i vote for rock bottom as the anchor store of the water works.i haven't been to rock bottom in years.  maybe even decades...is that even possible?  well, either way, it's been awhile.  so with my gift certificate i took my brother out for a birthday dinner.  

as i get older, my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower.  as a result, i told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the waterfront before everyone goes out for date night.  plus the pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.

when we arrived, the bar side was already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table.  our server was very attentive, friendly and helpful.  right off the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try all of their beers.  we loved the fact that as she approached our table with a full tray of samples our server said, "i have to go back for the rest."  in all we were served 10 different beers each (in 3 oz glasses, maybe 4 - i can never tell).  i gotta say, rock bottom knows their beer.  i liked more than i didn't, and very few were not to my liking.  so the $6.95 10 beer sampler was well worth it.  

during our sampling we indulged on some southwest egg rolls.  they were okay, but not quite what i expected.  the spicy ranch was top notch, though.  as we ran out of beer, we each ordered up a kobe burger.  they were both cooked exactly to our liking (medium).  and to top off our wonderful evening, the pirates brought home a win!

my only complaint, as a beer drinker, is the cost for a growler.  the glass container itself is sold for $12.95.  that's the empty price.  to me, that's a little ridiculous when east end only charges $3 for the bottle and penn brewery $5.  paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  so i walked out empty handed.    but it won't deter me from returning.i just came here with some friends to hang out and get some appetizer, and i have to admit that i was pretty satisfied with what we got.  though i couldn't find any fried pickles or onion rings on the apps section, there were some blue cheese nachos that really hit the spot.  the atmosphere of this seems pretty cool, especially in the pub area.fish tacos were excellent!! great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!!i very much enjoyed my first visit here. i got the turkey meatloaf and it was really tasty. it's more sausage than turkey. the cheesy mashed potatoes were excellent. the star of the night was the appetizer, the artichoke and crab dip. it was awesome. my only complaint was i ordered a red ale and they were out. i had the curmudgeon instead and it was very good, but still.slow service
below average food 
ill passfirst time i was here i had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.  we went again last weekend. i had the chicken avacod sandwich.  it was very good.  no fat in the chicken.  just a mess to eat, but still awesome.   also had the chocolate stout cupcake, it was amazing.thanks to the staff here
for being so friendly and
cool with our whole mess*

*rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and busters orphaned usits not bad. i'm not into chain kind of places, but if you're with a group that doesn't do anything more adventurous, you'll do fine here. i vacillated between 2 and 3 stars but the house beer i had will make sure i come back from time to time.went to rock bottom for lunch the other day and was very pleased. my coworker had printed out a coupon for a free mini appetizer. the waitress told us that they were not making mini appetizers and gave us a full sized chicken quesadilla. if you have ever had the southwestern egg rolls from chili's - the filling tasted like that and i am a big fan! 

mondays are half off burger days and i tried the just hot enough burger - topped with crispy jalapenos, pepper jack cheese, pico de gallo and housemade habanero ketchup. it was delish! the ketchup was so good and the fries were extremely crispy. 

the prices are a little steep for lunch but if you go on monday, it's totally worth it. i think that the quality of food more than makes up for it but don't expect for pay under $10 for a sit down. 

i felt that the staff was very nice and the waitress was very attentive. the service was quick and i think you can get in and out in under an hour.rock bottom is a chain brew pub one that, in my opinion, is just "ok".  the restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table. they have many of their own brews that you can sample but to tell you the truth none of them are that good. i have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable. 

their food is pretty much like their beers, forgettable. i have had one of their burgers and their pizza and they really weren't anything to write home about.

i feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but i would probably describe them as the chili's of brew pubs. if you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite, or at least until the burgatory opens!went here last night to meet folks for a friend's birthday party. docking one star due to a few unfortunate things that happened, otherwise i'd be fine giving this place a 3.

our waiter was very attentive and kept our water and soda cups refilled, the food was decent overall - i had a plain ol' burger and a delicious berry sangria - and the place overall had a nice vibe to it and was pretty comfortable and fun to be in...you'd think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and i'd be ready to go on to the next review right there.

here's where i ran into problems. i'd checked the website in advance to try and plan my meal since i do my best to pick items on menus that aren't, say, 2,000 calories in one sitting. their website advertises that they make skinny drinks; when i asked my waiter he said it was possible but that they did not normally do this and that it's a hassle for the people at the bar, so he didn't recommend it. then why tell us on your website that you'll do it??? 

additionally, while we had checked in advance when we made our reservation about bringing a birthday cake and the restaurant's ability to handle us lighting candles, apparently there was a break down in communication; we never got the candles we had asked for, and in fact the poor waiter struggled to even find a lighter before realizing there were no candles available. obviously whatever error occurred wasn't the waiter's fault, and we definitely thanked him and tipped him well for doing the best that he could with what he had.
 
on a final note, this is also one of those places where if you ask for a medium rare burger, they will overcook it; i've started ordering medium rare on purpose specifically so that i get a medium cooked burger instead of medium well or well done.

final verdict: go for the brews if you must, and the food's nice enough. i was admittedly left a little underwhelmed.mostly come here for the beer and sports. fun place!nothing special. just like applebee's, chili's or fridays. stick to the bar food (burgers, sandwiches, pizza, wings and salads) and you will be okay. 

this was our second attempt at trying rock bottom on fathers day. the first time almost ten years ago. we went in the early afternoon and they had already ran out of steaks. how do you do that on fathers day?! this time we went around 12 noon and beat the rush.

my wife got and loved the berry bash sangria. she just said it had too much ice in it. our daughter got the root beer float which she love and i started with a mango ice tea, but later switched for a raspberry ice tea as the mango ice tea wasn't sweet enough.

we started off the the kobe beef sliders as our app. it took at least 15 minutes to get them. you get three sliders and they were very good.

my wife got a small greenhouse salad with jalapeno ranch dressing to start off with which she enjoyed and the lobster & shrimp enchiladas as her main entree. she complained about how salty it was and the fact that there was no lobster in it at all.

our daughter got the kids burger and fries. no surprise there.

i ordered the new york strip with mashed potatoes and it came with green bean as well. my strip was cooked perfectly and has a decent taste. longhorn has a much, much better quality of steak though. the green beans were pretty good and my mashed potatoes very bland and pretty average. 

the kitchen sounded like an live episode of hell's kitchen. the waiters were repeatedly asking for orders at least 5 to 6 times. the kitchen was backed up the whole time we were there.

on a different note, our waitress susan was very good. come here for drinks and the bar food. skip everything else.i go to rock bottom pretty often for dinner or their awesome beer, so i was really really excited to have my bridal shower there.  my maid of honor reserved the banquet room which was very nice and separated from the rest of the restaurant.  my moh and mother said that the person they talked to about reservations and arrangements was wonderful and easy to get in touch with.  my shower was wonderful, the wait staff was great and kept everyone's glasses full.  it started pouring down rain and they let us stay a little longer so my gifts wouldn't get wet when taking them out to the car.  the only reason this place gets 4 stars is because we were not allowed to take our leftover food from the buffet home.  there was salmon, chicken, potatoes, and mac and cheese left over and they told us we couldn't box it up.  not sure why- they can't re-serve it!  it would have just gone to waste!

also, not at all related to the shower, their trivia night is super fun!southwest egg rolls and fish tacos. mmmmmmmmm. ohh and the amazing brews!i rarely give a business a superior rating, but i have to say my wife and i had one of the best dining experiences at the rock bottom brewery.   the food was delicious,  the beer, every recipe sampled,  was amazing and the service was wonderful.  the staff made us feel like we were the most important guests in the restaurant. 

please support this business.  i guarantee you will not be disappointed.i'm giving 4 stars mostly because of the beer....large selection & decent prices.   the food is pretty good, but nothing to rave about.  the menu has a good variety, and everything i've tried has been good.  portions are large.  

one side of the restaurant is the bar & bar atmosphere....with several tv's & 2 pool tables.  it's very wide open with extremely high ceilings.  the other side is more for families or people who aren't concerned about watching sports.  in general, it has a relaxed atmosphere.  i've always had quick & friendly service.  

i love the whole waterfront area....so much to do!i'm not much of a beer drinker, but my fiancee is a major enthusiast, so i agreed to tag along.  i'm glad i did!  our waitress was very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection, and helped me to pick one i would love (the kolsch was very crisp, light, and drinkable.)  the food was standard pub fare with a twist, well-executed.  my burger was topped with onion petals and gorgonzola, and cooked to perfection.  the waitress recommended their macaroni and cheese for a side, which was definitely a good choice.  my only complaint is that most of the food was rather heavy, and i spent the rest of the night wallowing on the couch.  not sure i would make the hour+ trip to pittsburgh again, but if i found myself in the city, i may just stop by.came with my bf we started with the crab artichoke dip. it was very greasy and had virtually no crab. the wedge salad was good and crisp. i had the hazelnut crusted chicken. this has to be one of the worst dishes i've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. to finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.normally the food is outstanding, no more salted bread sticks, but they did bring back the ball park pretzels.  not very good, cool to low warm. hard, dense.  mango ice tea is wonderful.

will see how the chicken comes out.

to be continued...tom and i decided to try this place out before catching a late movie on a saturday night. he is a beer buff, and neither of us had ever been there, so we gave it a go.

we walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait. we put our names on the list and went shopping around the area. about 25 minutes later, our table was ready. parking was a cluster since the lot is shared with dave & busters and a karaoke bar called sing sing. tom dropped me off at the door so i could secure our table.

our server, jackie, approached me almost immediately and brought two waters to the table to start. she was very attentive and funny, and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant. tom ordered a red ale and to his surprise, didn't care for it. jackie gave tom three free samples of beers she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habits. he loved all three, and chose the most bizarre (and expensive) beer. jackie switched the red ale to the beer of tom's choice, and charged us for the less expensive beer. very nice of her!

we started out with the ball park pretzels with jalapeno dip. the pretzels came out quickly and they were very fresh, not to mention huge! we only ate one and took the other to go. very good app though! 

tom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger, and i got the chicken fried chicken, which was a pounded chicken breast, breaded and fried, over white cheddar mashed potatoes with a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw.  tom's burger came with a small handful of fries, and my meal was very spread out on my plate, like something was missing. not very good presentation at all. the food itself was okay, nothing to write home about. the potatoes were my favorite part. tom said that his burger was mediocre.

another note: the bathrooms are shared with the sing sing karaoke bar that is in the same building, so expect drunk singing women in the bathrooms and brides-to-be puking in the stall next to you after enjoying too much alcohol at their bachelorette party... yuck.

overall, we might come back for the beer and service, but not for the food. and definitely not to use the bathroom...i'm a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it's a good option after movies. their nachos is pretty good. i also tried their burger and chicken sandwiches and they're good as well. 
i think the only thing i did't like is the steak taco appetizer. it was too sour and kinda tasteless.the cajun pasta i ordered was just spicy enough to keep me sipping my rock bottom ipa. it may be a chain but i always get that microbrew restaurant feel when i'm here. they could upgrade the quality of the servers but i've never had a really bad experience with the service.i really miss the northstar amber but the specialty beers are always good.  food is excellent and the service staff is friendly.so after an evening of enjoying a comedy show at the waterfront, we headed to rock bottom for some late night grub.  the place was pretty busy, we had to walk around the bar area for several minutes until a nice couple told us they were about to leave and we could have their bar table.  as nice as this was of them it was awkward standing over them as they finished their drinks paid their bill and left.  

so finally seated i look over the drinks and being the huge ipa lover that i am i went with that and it was indeed a good choice.  the hubby had the red ale which was also rather good.

the service was ok, not the best not the worst.  but moving on to more important thing, the food.  talk about missing the mark hugely!  i ordered the mini street fish tacos.  you get four mini tacos with a marinated in lime piece of fish, and tomatillo salsa.  they were just strokes away from inedible.  i love fish tacos, i mean it is such a simple concept so why do people have such a hard time executing this dish? the shells were hard and literally split at the bottom when i picked them up.  the sour cream sprayed all over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish was just so overcooked.  if i wasn't so hungry i wouldn't have eaten them at all! lesson learn on that.

the husband had the bbq chicken pizza.  it had beans and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream.  my husband is usually the type that will order these lovely specialty pizza's and ask for them to remove all the wonderful unique toppings!  for instance, he would usually just say, chicken bbq and cheese, nothing else!  i refused to let him do that this time, because i was really intrigued in the combination of ingredients on this pie.  and boy was i jealous when it came out.  it blew my crappy tacos out of the water!  should have stuck with something simple.  

furthermore i could care less if i come back to this location.  the beers were good but hell you can get a decent ipa just about anywhere anymore.  and the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  i know this is a chain, but it still doesn't have to stink...the food was delicious. portion size generous. atmosphere good. our waitress lindy was outstanding. have nothing but good things to say. would highly recommend to everyone !another good meal ... this time the housemade meatloaf. it's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. a refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. the server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. service was prompt just the same. overall good experience.i have to say that i've only been here when it was very busy. i found the service fairly quick and any of the food i've had has been delicious. i went there tonight and there was an issue with my food. without going into detail, i will say they handled it wonderfully. our waitress mallory was very kind and she was quick to fix the problem. i had the salmon for the second time and it was just as amazing as it was the first time. i had one beer that's similar to a blue moon and that was good too. i would go back again!my husband and i got here a couple times a year.    always (except my veggies today) get great food at a decent price.   i love their side salad..... which has raisins and sunflower seeds.    burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken mac and cheese.   recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat.poor service and food. i waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. they finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... so i had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. yes, i had to try and give them money.

on to the important part... food was terrible. i had a burger and it was pathetic.on a glorious day in the month of may , my love and i stumbled hungrily into rock bottom.  ha. just kidding i realized darren w. hadn't reviewed here so i had to start it cheesy.  

the rock bottom line: monday for lunch we had awesome service by ashley.  we weren't rushed and it was quite.  the burgers were great and half off . the beer was very good.  we will be returning for sure.planned a surprise birthday party here for my wife and they did an amazing job helping to pull it off! service was extremely helpful, professional, and on point all night. lauren (one of the managers) was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. if anyone is looking to plan an event i would highly recommend rock bottom. couldn't be happier!i love this restaraunt. rarely have i ever received service like i get here. the food is good, definitely reasonable for the price. the thing that blew me away was the fact that my steak was cooked to temperature. this rarely ever happens at restaraunt of similar price range and quality. but the servers are fantastic. very attentive, polite and timely. the beer selection is awesome, we always order the sampler. i like having lots of options as far as beverages go. the wait time isn't terrible if you go a little later on a friday or saturday night. and they most often call you before the quotes time. the desert menu is a little small, but i could probably skip it anyways ;)  the ambiance is good, not to crammed or noisy. they also have outside seating available when the weather is nice i highly recommend this establishment!i love this place! great food and the best beer brewed on site! the bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here.the staff here is very nice and the set up has tvs all around the family so enjoy mostly all sports, the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. and most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all times.good food and large portions. i ordered the veggie burger for $8.50 and i loved it! it's one of the most unique veggie burgers i have ever had: a homemade patty of beans, rolled oats and veggies. the chipotle mayo really gave it that oomph. my burger was more than enough for me to handle and everything was worth the price. as for drinks, i'm a complete noob when it comes to beer but my friend ordered a tap and even from a small taste, i could tell it was very good quality beer. bitter and sweet, with a slight tang. i rarely drink beer but i i'm going to, then might as well drink the best kind there is - fresh and microbrewed.

note: there aren't too many options for vegetarians. the veggie burger was pretty good and i'd recommend it, but other than that, there's also the veggie tacos, a few select appetizers, and a few salads from which to choose.i've never been crazy about the food here, but my friend likes it, so i do eat here once in a while. we stopped in last night and i had the chicken finger appetizer with fries. the food was a little overcooked and nearly tasteless. the ranch dressing was barely good enough to make up for it. 

my friend had the mac & cheese with chicken and bacon, which is what she orders just about every time she's there. it looked delicious and the portion was huge. i'll be trying this dish next time we're there. 

we've also had the ball park pretzels in the past, and they're really good. 

i'm giving 4 stars because the service was great, there's outdoor seating, and the berry bash sangria was delicious (if expensive). we'll be back.every time i've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. my go to is the laredo burger and the mac n'cheese as a side. they mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic! i've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb. the beers on tap are always great. my newest favorite is the first! pumpkin ale. 

one thing i really appreciate about rock bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating. the food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush. i was just at rock bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm. we got at the restaurant around 7:30, ordered drinks, ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to walk over to the cinemas. it was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.

my only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask. medium often turns into medium well, but that's not a huge problem for me. i also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9, but that's more of a corporate complaint since rock bottom is a small chain. 

overall i definitely recommend eating here if you're in the waterfront!the food is standard american fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad.  the klsch is the only decent beer of the bunch.  the service is good, but the wait for food or a table can be quite long (generally 20-30 minutes even for just beer and apps).  i've been to the one at the denver airport as well, but i was stranded and had free meal tickets, so okay-but-nothing-special pizza from rock bottom it was.  since it's a recognizable national chain, i think of places like this as more of a tourist brewery rather than a true pittsburgh craft-brew experience.the beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at all. i've tried many things on the menu, and if you have developed a "foodie" palate, don't even bother, because you will be very disappointed. if you feel comfortable with chain restaurants and their lack of innovative touch (which, nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy rockbottom. the only entree i did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. otherwise, you are better off skipping it.this place is quite big with a bar area, dining room area, and patio area. we decided to sit in the bar area so we could watch some football on one of the many tv's. they also have darts and two pool tables, which i really enjoy. when you are in the bar area you can see the beer being brewed through the window which is really cool. 

i ordered the hibiscus wheat beer and my friend ordered the white wheat, both of which are brewed by rock bottom. they both tasted delicious and were exactly what i needed for a hot day. my friend ordered the fried chicken entree which came with mashed potatoes and of course she gave me a few bites since we always share. it was a pretty delicious meal, but the fried crust fell off a few pieces which i am not really a fan of. i ordered the sante fe salad with grilled chicken not fried. the salad was okay i was expecting more flavors overall, but i didn't really get them. 

it was a good experience and will most likely be back when i am around the waterfront area.i am not a fan of chain restaurants typically and had to slowing break my boyfriend from wanting to eat at chain restaurants all of the time. the one chain that i can't break from is rock bottom. 

their beer is always good- as far as their staples go, i really love their white ale. their seasonal ipas have been good and my favorite seasonals of all time included their chocolate raspberry stout (...yes, it tasted as good as it sounds; they had it last year around christmas) and their smoky bbq brown ale (tasted like summer, complemented bbq amazingly ; they had it this past summer, i bought a growler of it lol). 

as far as their food goes, i typically stay away from the appetizers. $10 and up is a little too pricey for me as far as appetizers go. i've had their southwestern rolls and they were good but not worth $10. 

almost every time i go i order the baja chicken sandwich. it's my favorite chicken sandwich! so good. the chicken is actually grilled (which goes for all of their chicken sandwiches) and i love the charred flavor that it has. the bun is soft but sturdy and doesn't fall apart while eating the sandwich, the sauce is amazing, the onion frizzles are the best and last but not least... there's a half of a fresh avocado on this sandwich. mhm! i love it. my boyfriend usually gets the hickory bbq bacon chicken sandwich and loves it as well. 

another item i always get... their apple coleslaw. i've yet to find better coleslaw in a restaurant. so simple, yet oh so good. 

they also recently changed their fries and these are much better than their old ones. 

their side salads are awesome as well. they are decent in size- spring mix topped with sunflower seeds, raisins, half of a hard boiled egg (which i give to the boyfriend), chopped cucumbers and tomatoes and croutons. yum! 

i usually order the same thing every time i go. i steered off my normal path once and ordered the buffalo mac and cheese and found it to be quite tasteless. which turned me off to trying new items there. plus i am just too in love with the baja chicken sandwich and apple coleslaw to want to try anything else. 

service is always great, the bartenders are friendly... i love this place. ask about their rock bottom rewards !be careful. the servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. i want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly mark who seems to let his staff run around.i always enjoy rock bottom. standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has a hit as well. 

i prefer the bar seating as to the dining room, but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos. 

nachos, nachos, nachos. truly the best in the area. great burgers, chili and salads. really...i don't think i've had a bad meal here. nice outdoor seating in the summer. 

this is a great place to watch a game or just hang out. iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold.  i know they have other cocktails here, but i can't order them at a beer place. i've seen them and they do look good, but i'm stuck to the beer selection. 

they have a great happy hour and specials throughout the week. 

service is always great whether there are two or 10 of us.this is  a "okay" place to eat.  the food is nothing special.  i guess what they have going for them is the beer.  order the  guacamole for the starter which was okay but for $8.50 and the portion was not worth it.  rice (cajun taco) was not cooked well.  would i go there again "maybe".  if your into beer and watching the game, then yeah go there.ball park pretzel-would eat again. 

i came to rock bottom, looking for a great beer. full of hops, that brings a refreshing sensation and satisfaction. i then opened the menu, scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer. i saw an extensive list of items, from chicken fingers to salads. i noticed a ball park pretzel, with a jalapeo cheese dip. i was blown away, the fact that i got 2 pretzels amazed me. i ordered within 25 minutes of seating. my pretzels hit the table within minutes. the smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. but i knew we could step this shit up, i asked for mustard. and what do you know. grey poupon dijon mustard is in front of my eyes. i combined that shit and life evolved. i went to heaven, it took me 35 minutes to write this review because i took a solid bite with grey poupon after each sentence. good look rock bottom, keep up the good work.