i will start by saying we have a nice new deck. that is where the good part ends.

why two stars if we have a nice deck now? well, it all started in may when we had a man named al come out and talk to us about the process. he was a true salesman, i'll tell you that. not a straight shooter, but an excited salesman that wanted to sell... and we bought into it.

he told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of jobs, but they could probably start by june 24th. mind you, this was the end of may we met with him. he said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from dormont before they started. we felt confident in going with them, and booked it.

here's where things fell apart. weeks went by with no word from them on the process. finally i called and left messages. al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. he must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. so i hung up not knowing what was going on. finally i called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple weeks to come back. i wish al would have told us that.

so our june 24th date came and went. we finally got our survey. and they were quick to bill us for it, but no word on where we were in the process. i called back a couple times with no real answers from the admin. apparently they were now waiting for the permit from dormont.

a month later, i was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company. i spoke with someone who told me that dormont usually takes a week to process the permit, but we were now going on a month. he told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it. 

i completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault, but why no communication about it? just call me and tell me they're waiting for the permit, but they'll work towards asking dormont what the hold up is. seems simple.

finally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from dormont on holes they're digging. so holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days. where did everyone go? who knows, because i wasn't informed! 

i was upset and contacted the company owner, dave, by email. i told him how frustrated i was about the lack of communication. he wrote me two sentences that  said "there will be acres there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow." well, that didn't happen.

then two other dudes show up two days later and did work for about three hours and left. the main guy comes back the next day and says they did it wrong. so apparently the part about how they wouldn't need access to my house changes to they're drilling bolts into my house to secure he deck. 

finally, the second week into construction, my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done. it was upsetting that they left the deck dirty, and all the dirt and cement they moved around wasn't cleaned up. i even asked them to fill all the holes they dug up and didn't use, and they only filled up one. when you create a construction project, isn't it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice? didn't happen here.

my main point is, contractors have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy. why be that company? why not be an upstanding company that consumers can trust? my main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front, nor was the ongoing process communicated to me. then they left everything unfinished in my eyes, leaving the site dirty. i understand things happen and things get delayed, but just email or call me. it's not that hard to keep me updated, it is 2014 with a million ways to be contacted.

even though i have a nice deck (after i clean things up myself!), i would not recommend them to anyone.coming here you get the feeling they haven't changed much.  the tables, the decorations, the menu.  all the same.  does that make you a little worried?  yes.

i ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was... oily.  very very oily.  the actual ravioli was okay, enough mushrooms.  but it was oily.  did i mention that?  

ambiance, like i said, left much to be desired.  i don't think i'd have this place on my list of "musts" for downtown.  much better restaurants to visit!i just realized they remodeled this one recently-ish. well, in my world recently because it's been a while since i've been here.

they've added more seating which makes it way more conducive to having a meeting here. which is my concern during the week. i imagine during the weekend it just fills up with tweens getting their sugar rush before hitting the movie theater. 

the coffee, or tea for me.. is still same old same old. i don't imagine one single starbucks will break the mold and make original drinks...for someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er, this store can seem vast and confusing.  there's rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and...oh my...scrap booking!  when i want to find boring old felt....it's like...where do i start?  

i'm in a hurry, as always, and i rush in and the first thing i look for is an employee.  no one to be found.  i could call out and my voice would come echoing back.  i run between rows of paper, wood and gosh darn scrap booking....no felt!  where do i find felt!  where do i find an employee!?

finally, i find one after 15 minutes of wondering around.  she's incredibly nice and leads me to the felt.  this is not the first time i've been hard up to find help.  i tell her she was hard to find, and she tells me that they're "low on payroll" and can't have any one the floor but her!  in that whole store, just her!  that's ridic!

not a month ago i was, again, in a slight hurry and stood in line for about 15 minutes to check out, with 2 employees at the register and 6 people per line, i gave up and walked out.  

hey michael, do you pick up what i'm putting down?  you're not making any money because your costumer service sucks....in fact, there's no service to be found!so.much.fun! 

i wish i could play a song at the drop of a hat. too bad i never took piano lessons and i'd probably end up mumbling half the lyrics other than the chorus. unless it's salt n' pepa's shoop. 

this is a really great place to go when you have out of town guests or are looking for a fun place to take someone for a birthday celebration or a fun night out. it's just something different to do other than boozing it up at the bars on a saturday night. 

keep in mind you'll be paying around a $5-10 cover plus whatever drinks and food you get. the good thing is the food is coming from the attached rock bottom brewery. so a lot of it is restaurant quality good. plus the brewery beer is actually pretty good! of course you will be paying restaurant price drinks...so of course they're up charged a bit. but you do pay for the whole experience....so you gotta get into the spirit with some spirits! 

the guys who play are incredibly talented. there's 2 guys that will take requests and play songs on the piano. they pretty much play anything you ask. contemporary songs, throw back songs, fight songs, rap songs, pop songs. you name it, they play it. 

my favorite part is when they switch out to another two guys. they'll all four get on stage and play two piano's, a guitar and drums. they usually rock out with some fun familiar songs (um, journey, of course!). 

the birthday song is seriously the best. they sing to you....and call you some names....with expletives. but in a totally nice way of course. you just have to go!i must admit, i do like the brews.  i also like the white cheddar mash potatoes.  other than that, meh.  the food is pretty forgettable.  another "brewery" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  with the restaurants upping the ante on 8th ave, you may want to kick it up a notch rock bottom.  but how would anyone know to?  it's a chain.  whomp whomp!i'm huge snl fan, so naturally if someone who's been in the cast is touring, i'll come here to see them. some have been really great...jim breuer. some have been (surprisingly) very bad....tracy morgan. but it's always been a pleasant experience at the venue.  there's not a bad seat in the house and it's small enough that you get to see and hear everything from the stage.  beware if you sit in the very front, you know what's going to happen!

a couple downsides.... 

waiting outside in a line in the dead of winter.  the lobby is so small you're forced to wait outside until the first show starts or the first show let's out.  and if you want a good seat, you may be waiting in line for a while.  burr!

the two drink minimum. i kinda get why they do it, to make money, of course. but this means they jack up the prices of watered down drinks. better to stick with beer and wine at these places. no frou frou drinks for me! 

also, as to be expected, the food's not that great. in a perfect foodie world, places that served food would make it fantastic! since that's not going to happen, you just go into those places hoping for the best. i've never had anything great here. nacho platter too many re fried beans, to little nacho's....annnnnd i'm out! 

so what did we learn here? good venue, stick to beer and wine and eat at a better restaurant beforehand. the talent is really what you're there for so, enjoy the show!wahhhhh!!!! they're remodeling this one and it's frustrating! i swear i don't mind change. i really don't~  i should have seen this coming.  there were telltale signs of this happening. first, they switched the pharmacy to the other end of the store where the now defunct iggle video was. that's a-ok with me, i didn't use the pharmacy anyway. 

but then, then they moved the whole toiletries section over there. they put my spaghetti and "ethnic food" section (by the way, i love that ethnic food includes spaghetti) to where my tylenol was. my kitty food is now where my spaghetti once was. can you tell how exasperated i'm getting?? 

did i mention i don't mind change? but here's the thing, i really hate grocery shopping. it's kinda sorta my own fault because i must read every label to make sure i'm not eating something with 25 grams of fat and 5000 calories (even though ice cream may go into my cart from time to time.) so going to this giant eagle frequently was nice because i knew were everything was. now i don't....wahhh! 

ok, i'll stop crying. i know i'll eventually be back. i'm sure (??) it will be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they're done. but i can't take it for right now. i'll be forced to shop at the ghetto bird down in the southside until my former #1 store is all shiny and new again.you're getting an extra star for two solid reasons.  

one is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again (and a bit fancier).  two, and thee most important part, this iggle has the best quality and well made sushi out of any iggle's out there!  believe me, i've eaten many a rainbow roll from many different locations around the burgh and nothing has compared.  dare i say, it's as close as you get to going to a good sushi restaurant.  bold statement, right? 

i  just love me some sushi and want it often, quick and convenient and this serves all those purposes with upholding the quality.  need a quick sushi fix?  this place is it!we're lucky to have a waterpark in the burgh.  i have to keep telling myself that when i want to complain about this place.  i do think it's a great place to take the fam or even, in my case, spend a day relaxing... if you can!  

let's do the compliment sandwich.  positive - negative - positive!  

the negative... i feel like sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of kennywood.  they keep pouring money into k-wood, but sandcastle stays the same year after year.  now, granted i haven't been there in years, but everything seemed the same as i left it other than one new slide.  i haven't been there in about 9 years.  one new slide in 9 years?  hmmmmm....

i see major places to improve.  especially the pool.  i honestly think the slides are great, although you could always add more, they're still fun.  the pool... it's just packed.  so packed that you'd think they'd add a second pool.  looking around it looks like they have the extra space.  maybe an adults only pool?  swimming with 20 zillion kids, plus adults drinking (yes i like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool... but it's kinda weird being around so many kids) and you start to wonder how clean the water is.  i mean, 20 zillion kids you gotta expect a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool!  

the sidewalks are also scalding hot.  i'd assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you'd be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface.  and i"m not investing in those dorky water shoes, sorry!  

i'm always happy to see a potato patch stand!  just as good as k-wood!  they also serve chicken tender, which is nice if you want a little meat to add on.  nothing more is needed for me!  although the frozen drinks looked tasty and tempting, it was so hot out i was just downing water by the gallons.  you're also allowed to bring in your own snacks and food, which i think is nice for families who want to save a little mola.  

again, sandcastle is so awesome to have in the burgh, it would be nice to see improvements.  it always seems packed in the summer months, so why not keep on improving it?  or maybe they think don't fix what's not broken.  i just may stick to a cleaner, less pee filled community pool for my water fun fix!interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already. i would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service i received today just really got my blood boiling.

i will state, as i always do in these types of situations, that i have worked many years in retail. i know what you're supposed to do. i know the ways i've displayed exemplary service and i know the ways i've slacked off. i get it, i really do.

so i'm in the store early. hardly any people in there. weird for the semi-annual sale time of year. usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy. 

i went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. since no one was at the check out counter and i needed a spot to go through things, i set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. i actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items i'm buying. 

the girl behind the counter was having non of this though.i asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. i understand, you can't try them all. but the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. i even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. ghost town. tumbleweed rolled by. no one.

so i'm going through my stuff and separating what i want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying "soooo, you don't want these???" um, i'm not asking you to help me sort things. i'm not holding up a line. i'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental xs pair of undies that got mixed in! 

after that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. i have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. i ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which i really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, i didn't even want to deal with her). 

the thing is, i was nice the entire time. i don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. just do what you were hired to do. be nice and sell some bras. if you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.i'm a crazy cat lady and proud of it! 

being a volunteer here has been so fulfilling on many different levels.  it has made me feel so good to be able to help out with something that i feel passionately about.  you can tell that the staff puts a lot of effort into taking care of these animals they accept in.  a lot of times people will say, oh i can't do it, it's too sad.  but the thing is, it's not.  it's actually so great because these animals come here and find loving homes instead of being on the street or in an environment that's toxic.  i rarely see animals there for a long time.  i think that's a testament to the way they are treated while they're in the facility. 

now i'll admit, i'm not the biggest dog fan, so i help out in the cat shelter.  i can talk about that with a lot more knowledge than the dog side.  they just built a new cat facility on their property so they have their own shelter.  the cats are all set up in a huge room.  they have two rooms for people to play with the cats when they are looking to adopt them.  these rooms are also used for "cat cuddling."  that's what i do when i volunteer.  i get to take the cats out so that they can play, be cuddled or just run around.  then the cats are able to get out of the cages and get used to human contact. 

the other great thing about the arl is that they have foster parents who take in cats and dogs while they're waiting to be adopted.  this way, they get a great home environment and it relieves the facility of having too many animals at one time. at different points in the year the adoption rates are different depending on the amount of animals they have.  cat rates are usually cheaper in the spring/summer because there's more coming in and dog rates are cheap in the late summer months.  the added bonus of adopting a pet from the arl is that they are spade or neutered when you adopt them.  it's actually cheaper then taking them to a normal vet on your own. 

i would strongly recommend coming here to check out the animals and hopefully find your next furry friend!  or you can volunteer!  they have volunteer informational sessions the first saturday of every month.  after that you only have one training session to complete and you're ready to volunteer!  

just check it out if you're curious.  you won't regret it!  your new furry friends will appreciate it as well!what a cute little coffee shop in such an idealistic setting!  i sat amongst the gathered hipsters, moms, friends, ladies who lunch, power business lunch people in a sunny little corner of the room sipping my delicious indian spice black tea.

service was very friendly and looking at the fresh pastries and lunch list of homemade soups and sandwiches made me want to come back and enjoy a leisurely afternoon or perhaps work day here taking in all they have to offer.  

i was surprised when i asked to see the tea list and the barista told me they didn't have much to offer.  still looked like a good amount to me and i was pleased to see a variety of different offerings some coffee shops don't offer (because, well, they're usually coffee focused!).  i also enjoy that they use loose leaf tea, so you know it's not just coming straight outta a generic box of twinings.  

free internet is always a big plus with lots of outlets.  now if someone could just find me an affordable house in highland park this could just be my next favorite neighborhood coffee shop!i know i say this a lot, but we really are so lucky to have such beautiful old theaters here in the burgh. some may not be used as much as others, but i sure appreciate them. 

i attended an event here for the first time and was amazed by what good shape the theater was in. i loved the bright red chairs and classic feel. mind you, i really know nothing of what this theater used to be used for... although i can imagine very glamorous old movies like singin' in the rain (maybe this movie was not so much glamorous, but the namesake says as much). 

i was surprised by how comfortable it was. the seats are comfy and the leg room is decent. i can imagine by looking around that most seats are decent for viewing a show. they do offer many different events here throughout the year, which is great because it would be a sad fact if this theater wasn't used.

i honestly want to look for things put on here now because i like the theater so much. support your local theater, it really makes the city vibrant, i promise!it's surprising how long it took me to get here, then i hear a rumor they're moving soon anyway! geez... way to be behind the times rachel!

i've been interested in a bunch of the nights they've hosted before, but have never made way way over. i went to celebrate one miss aja j's birthday for hip hop vs house night. i'm a big hip hop fan, but not much into house. they had two dueling dj's and an mc hosting the event. i actually liked the mash up of the two genre's. it was definitely better than just house.

they have about 5 beers on tap, which i think is impressive for a "club." especially different since it was much more than miller light. they actually had a pumpkin brew on tap, which forgive me for not remember, i was into! at $5.50 it wasn't breaking the bank, but it wasn't a $3 miller light fo sho! 

we came a little early, but it seemed like the night really started to pick up around 11pm. yep, i'm old, i left at 11pm. lame, i know! 

i hope they find a new home, because i think it's a place we don't have anywhere else and i'm happy to have been finally!oh whole foods, you are so so very overpriced.  i so so wish you were not, because i love the idea of the place.  but i just cannot bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here.  i can't bring myself to spend the big bucks!

the place is always packed and you're usually left bumping into people left and right.  you may even get a nasty look, yikes!  the parking is atrocious, with only probably only 75 spots for a pretty popular store.  and have fun just getting into the parking lot from centre.  okay, i'm going to a negative place right now....

i stop in here one a whim when i'm out in the area if i'm really craving sushi, because it's way better than the giant eagle's sushi down the street.  it's still not he best fast sushi (giant eagle waterfront), but it does the job.  again, they're almost $3 more than at ge.  when i run in to grab sushi and usually ad odwalla by bill comes to almost $20!  i'd rather eat a fast meal at qdoba...sorry...i said it!

my feelings can best be summed up with this....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ufc1pr2yuuum.  a little bummed.  i had high expectations, but left feeling just...meh.

the restaurant is really cool looking but i was a little confused by the bar set up.  we sat at the bar because they didn't have any tables open.  i usually don't mind sitting at the bar but the stools are bolted to the floor, and about 2 feet from each other.  if you have three people with you, forget about mingling!  

also, the service was very iffy.  there was a bartender, and then a server for the bar area (or what it seemed like).  the bartender got us our drinks, but never told us a server would be with us.  i figured she was our server too.  but then some other woman came up to us all flustered.  she never introduced herself, just asked what we wanted and kept saying "okay, okay, okay."  just very odd.  it continued that way the entire time.

i tried the prix fixed brunch for $24, which includes your choice of an alcoholic bevvie (bloody mary, sangria or mimosa), appetizer and main course.  i had the mimosa, that was the perfect mix (splash of oj:), polenta and eggs beni.  the cinnamon polenta, which was delish: light, fluffy and warm with dried fruit and almonds on top.  i loved it!

the eggs beni with smoked salmon.  it was just okay.  i kept trying to think pf what was missing and i believe it was that the hollandaise sauce had no real taste.  i expect hollandaise sauce to be rich and creamy, this was thin and blah.  

i definitely want to go back and try the dinner, see if maybe i'll have a little better luck.  so kick it up a notch casbah, you've been around for a while, but i still expect good food!it had been a very very long time since i'd visited quiet storm. for some weird reason, i had in my head that they made these awesome smoothies. well... they do not. but they make milkshakes. any other day i would have totes been into the shake but...

i reeeeeally wanted a smoothie, so i opted out of the milkshake (i know, a rare occasion), and went with a iced chai. i love that they make their own mix of chai and they also don't sweeten it, so you can sweeten it yourself. super sweet chai is super gross. just sayin'. 

i also ordered the sesame noodle platter (noodles, soy, tofu, red cabbage, mushrooms, broccoli, onions, peppers) with a ginger carrot salad. it was a solid meal. i mean, it wasn't necessarily a platter (i think a variety of separate items), but a noodle dish. i liked that there was a decent amount of veggies and not just a few, with a massive amount of noodles. i hate when that happens! it was also lightly sauced, not too heavy and sticky. plus the fried tofu was awesome! honestly, i've never had such good tofu before. i rarely get it because i think tofu can be so bland, but this was bomb! 

a nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. free wifi and nice big tables to work on. plus, throw in friendly service and it's a win!dear god, everything on the menu sounds like my personal heaven.  shakes, sundea's, splits, soft server... give. it. all. to. me!

my friend and i were driving through homestead past nancy b's bakery when she said "you know page diary mart makes an ice cream sundae with her homemade chocolate chip cookies?"  no more words needed to be said between us.  the decision was silently made that we'd head down carson street and there as no stopping us!

the only child in me wanted to order the entire chocolate chip cookie sundae for myself.  the calorie counting adult in me knew the right decision would be to split it.  i mean, let's get real... this thing is monster size!  you can easily split it but... i could easily gobble that whole thing down in one sitting!  

it was amazing!  we watched them heat up the cookies and toss them into the soft serve vanilla ice cream that melted it just enough that it mixed in perfectly with the warm chocolate chip cookie.  add hot fudge and it was ice cream overload to the max.  but in the best way possible.  

me thinks i'll be stopping here a lot this summer... it cannot be avoided!fact: thee best italian meal i've had in the burgh, hands down!
fact: i ate so much i thought they would have to wheel me out on a stretcher.
fact: it's a serious hidden gem in a slightly sketchy neighborhood.

need some more info, because i'm comin' atcha with the goods! to start they set the table with "holy oil," which is banana pepper olive oil for dipping italian bread in, a seasoned cecci bean and cheese gustoso and a goat cheese and olive spread. i wish they sold that banana pepper olive oil because i wanted to have it every day of my life! 

we ordered the famous meatball appetizer. this meatball is for serious! it's massive and stuffed with mozzarella cheese. yep, i'm for realz. it was just oozing italian sexiness, in a ball. as soon as i tasted the red sauce, it tasted like my grandma's, which sparked fond memories and made me want to actually live in this place. 

we also ordered the trifolata, which is assorted mushrooms and currants in marsala cream. it was also incredible. the bad/good of it was that it wasn't really needed because they give you so much food, but it was delicious, so whatever!

for the third course they serve you your choice of pasta either with their famous home made vodka sauce or fettucini. but here's the thing, the fettucini is made in front of you... in a cheese wheel. yep, i'm for realz again! i know i'm crazy for not ordering it, but i really love me some vodka sauce and was incredibly happy with this amazing homemade sauce. my hubby got the fetticini and loved it. see, we're all happy here!

fourth course is a salad with red vinagariette, roasted red peppers, candied walnuts, golden raisens and gargonzola cheese. it wasn't memorable amongst all the bangin' dishes but not too shabby at all.

for the fifth course (and when i finally tapped out) i ordered the cioppino with shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops and fish in a saffron and tomato broth with sambuca. it matched all the other dishes. just incredible. loved the broth, loved the succulent scallop (just one, but i can't complain, i was stuffed by that point!), the shrimp was jumbo and the fish was perfectly cooked. and the garlic bread was excellent.

whenever anyone says things are expensive, i usually think they're talking $30 a plate. but, this place is legit expensive. think $50 (ish) a plate. but what i can tell you is it was 100% worth it! we had leftovers for two days! talk about an italian hospitality. which, by the way, the service was exceptional, but i would have expected that here. 

a perfect special night out, if you don't mind unbuckling a couple notches in front of your dining companion, of course!who doesn't like a bar where you can eat unlimited salty popcorn and unlimited peanuts for free!  and you can throw the peanut shells on the floor...just like home.  i mean, not really, that's just the clothes in my closet.  

the atmosphere is like one of those bars where you know half the people come in there every night.  there's even mugs for them!  being an outsider was okay though, no weird looks for the regs, all are welcome!

beer on tap are mixed between the regulars: yuengling, mad hat, guiness and lots of seasonal and rotating beers.  i love a place with a good draft offering.  i'm way more into a draft than a bottle.  don't ask me why...maybe because the gulps can be bigger:)

perks: non smoking, best bar choice on east ohio and, of course, free popcorn and peanuts...did i mention that yet?!

it's definitely a great place to chill out with friends on a saturday night, and eat a crap load of popcorn!let me preface this by saying that my understanding of goulash came from what my mom called goulash.  goulash in the contrucci household was made of elbow noodles, beef and spaghetti sauce.  i guess you can't believe everything your parents tell you right?  

so going in here, i was thinking, great...mom's goulash!  what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to.  it was a mish mosh of veggies,noodles, gravy and some random unidentifiable food items.  i usually eat whatever is put in front of me, so i wasn't scared to dive it.  sadly, i just didn't like it.  i thought it was actually not very appetizing at all.  i know, i know, this is like "world famous" goulash, but i was not into it!  

what i was into was the german potato salad.  i love it, and honestly, i feel like i never get the same version of it anywhere in the burgh.  this was a no frills version, with scallop sliced potatoes and a thick vinegar sauce.  maybe a bit too much, but not enough for me to eat it all!  

would i go back? if someone else really wanted to go there, but i wouldn't suggest it nor would i go on my own.  oh well, on to the next one right?i really thought i'd never be back.  the goulash i had was so so gross.  but then,  was roped in by some friends who were doing a sunday brunch book club.  of course i couldn't miss out on tantalizing conversation... so i obliged.  

i really had no clue what they offered for brunch options, but quickly learned they have a a pretty decent size brunch buffet.  i'm not below buffets at all, it's the fat kid in me!  most things still looked a little questionable to me, but i went for the big ticket items.  make your own omelets, potato pancakes and dessert.  i'd hit up the buffet again, but still be hasty to check out the regular menu again.  

the omelet was made right in front of you, so i added cheese, mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes and onions.  i was super excited about it because it was the size of a football.  sadly, it was pretty tasteless.  i don't think they added any salt or pepper to the egg mix, so it came out really bland, despite loading up on ingredients.  

but the potato pancakes... i could survive on them forever.  they were amazeballs!  add some sour cream and i was in potato patch heaven!  i had to keep myself from getting more because of the other thing i loaded up on... dessert.  

the desserts looked unassuming, but they were also awesome.  i had a smattering of delectable bites.  the scones were so moist and tasty.  i had to stop myself from taking more than 20.  i also had some carrot cake, brownies, cookies among other things i inhaled and didn't pay attention too.  should i be embarrassed?  probably.  but i don't care because it was darn good!one thing pittsburgh is not known for, but should be, is turning old churches into businesses, homes and even bars (gasp!).  most of the churches are so beautiful that it's such a great use of space.  this is no exception, as it's just so unique inside! 

if you're looking for that nontraditional hotel that's not a marriott or hilton, this is the place you'll want to stay!  it's fashioned like a european boutique hotel, plus all the amenities you'd be looking for like wifi, a shuttle and continental breakfast (score!). 

it's also a really lovely place to have an event.  for smaller events you can rent out specific parlor's for a reasonable cost and you're able to bring in your own caterers.  i really like this option because you're not boxed into one choice that may be out of price range.  if i would have gotten married in pittsburgh, this would  definitely have been my first choice for the reception.  the grand hall is just gorgeous!  it has the original church organ and stain glass windows.  when it's all dressed up for the event it's just a stunning place for a magical affair! 

the northside of town, where it's located, has walkable access to the andy warhol museum, the mattress factory museum, the children's museum, the national aviary, the carnegie science center, pnc park (home to the pirates, go bucks!) and heinz field (home to the stillerz, as we call them in the burgh).  some are farther than others, but there's always the shuttle if it's in our frigid winter season.  in the summer, go for the walk so you can take in the sights!

there's also a lot of cute restaurants and bars on east ohio river boulevard, which is two streets up from the hotel.  my suggestions would be bistro to go and bistro soul, rita's italian ice (personal fave) or the priory bakery for dessert!  there's also legends north shore not far on e. north ave. about two streets up from e. ohio and amani coffee shop and cafe for a quick stop for coffee or a great panini for lunch.   

it's really a fantastic time to go in the summer because everything is within walking distance.  plus they have a great farmers market in the park right along e. ohio and they have kayaking in the park right by the aviary.  the big kayaking organization, venture outdoors is right under the 6th st. bridge next to pnc park.  you're able to kayak around the three rivers for only $15 an hour!  it's a great way to see the city!

this is your place for one unique stay, i wouldn't steer you wrong!so....what do you say when a highly rated place let's you down??  it was okay....

when a meal rocks my world, i usually want to lick the bowl clean, yes, like a dog.  i did not, sadly, feel that way about this place.  it is byob but the catch is it's $4 per glass.  yep, that's right, not per table my friend.  keep that in mind.

i got the greens and beans on recommendation from many yelpers on here.  maybe i just don't have the taste for it, but i thought it was weird, watery and....not good.  i also thought it was going to be green beans and it was kidney beans and spinach that tasted like a warm caesar salad.  no thanks....

i ordered the penne vodka, which is my fav meal to order at italian restaurants.  i also like to add a meatball on if it's homemade.  it was, in fact, confirmed to be homemade so i was all over it!  the meatball itself was delicious.  i love a bread-y meatball.  you know the type.  soft and packed with flavor.  it was the winner of the night.  the vodka sauce was good, but i wanted way more.  now i have to preface this by saying i'm a total sauce-aholic.  i love me a good amount of sauce, this didn't even come close.  then i looked over at serena r's plate, and her ravioli (which i thought was the same) was swimming in it!  so i stole some of hers....

would i come back?  if someone really wanted to.  but i have a hunch there's way better italian places to dine at in the burgh...so now i'm on the hunt!  i gotta connect with my roots, ya' know?i have a dream. a dream that some day the north shore will have a ton of amazing food options. i hope one day it will become a reality. for now, i think there's a smattering of okay-ish places and a lot of mediocrity. 

maybe it's just the built in crowd. you come to a game, you gotta eat, right? and what are you going to eat? either at a restaurant outside the stadium or inside. at this point i'd stick with inside for the novelty of it all. 

i stopped into atria's on game day, but came in right as the first pitch was going out, so it wasn't packed in the least. our server was obviously not into us, as well as serving that day, as she was pretty short with us the entire time. sorry we bothered you...

the menu is incredibly limited with around 5 apps, 5 sandwiches and 5 main courses. i get that they're probably just limiting things for the crowded times, but i felt like nothing really called to me. i settled on going halfies and ordering an app and waiting until i was inside the stadium to get my "main course." crab fries, naturally. but that's beside the point.

the pieorgies we ordered were okay. they were doused in parmesan cheese and a little overcooked, but it wasn't the worst thing i've ever had. wasn't the best either. i think what really turned me off was the whole experience. service, small selection and mediocre food. i should have just ordered two buckets of crab fries and called it a night!why would i be writing a review of a children's museum when i don't have any children?!  because it's an awesome museum, that's why!

but in all seriousness, they throw the best parties, mostly because they have thee coolest space to do it in!  when you go to a party at the museum you're allowed to "play" just like a kid would during regular business hours.  

have i gone down the twisted slide connected to the treehouse in a cocktail dress?  yes i have!  have i walked across the mini pittsburgh bridge in the mini-pittsburgh playroom?  yes i have!  

like any good museum, they constantly have changing exhibits, so things i saw are probably not there anymore.  but the interactive exhibits are all about participation.  if it peeked my interest, i'm sure it would peek a child's! i have no doubt people of any age would have a great time here!nothing is more precious than my little kitties.  i realize that made me sound like a total crazy cat lady, but admittedly i am!

so when it comes to your kitties health, you want someone to take it seriously!  i've thankfully only had to deal with them twice before.  once for the round of kitten vaccines and neutering.  i believe for the two kittens it was around $175.  

the other issue i had was that my one cat had pretty gross eye junk (obviously technical terms i avoid).  the vet who saw me was incredibly friendly and very gentle with my little furry friend.  they were able to fill my prescription of eye drops right away so i wouldn't have to worry about it coming in.  about $50 later i was on my way.

furry and non furry friends should feel comfortable coming here!honestly, it's pretty unassuming from the outside. inside it's a tiny greek diner, albeit some "americanized" choices on the menu. hello buffalo chicken gyro!

but if you are craving for a fixin' of some stuffed cabbage, potato pierogies, or halushki, this is your place. and for dirt cheap too. i think our total bill was like $10. 

obviously you'll get the traditional gyro's here as well, with the twist of the buffalo chicken one. obviously, i'm intrigued. they also sell ice cream, which if i wasn't so full from my meal, i definitely would have indulged in!thank god for kuhn's. seriously, after having to survive on foodland, the only "neighborhood" grocery store in mt. washington, this is a welcome change. i actually was excited to move to dormont knowing we'd potentially have a better place to grocery shop locally.

kuhn's has absolutely surpassed foodland. it's clean, has most everything i need and it's at the right price. i'm actually surprised how much variety they offer in such a "small" space. small being the operative word, considering most giant eagle's are ginormous. 

i've even discovered new products here, like my delicious lara fiber bars. i'm surprised at the nice gourmet cheese selection, the big deli area and even a counter for fresh seafood. so now i can just run down the block if i need to pick up something quick or do my whole week's shopping here. it's glorious! 

the only thing i wish for is a better parking lot. since i'm coming off dwight ave it's nice to sneak right in. but coming out is another issue. there's only one way traffic around the parking lot. so you're usually stuck waiting behind cars trying to park and pull out. this is very minor though... just an impatient person talking here.

the main point.. it's way cheaper than giant eagle! neighbors rejoice!me and e n' p go waaaaay back!  

our relationship started at 16 years old.  it was my first job and continued to supplement my burgeoning shopping addiction throughout high school and into college.  i had a fantastic time throwing people's menus down as a hostess and then filling food orders (and occasionally spilling orange juice on people's crotches, oops) as a waitress and gossiping with my coworkers.  so needless to say, i have a special place in my heart for this lovely establishment!

i think for a pittsburgh owned chain restaurant it's one of the best.  this is in terms of how the business is run and the restaurants itself.  my love affair of grilled stickies began here.  i may have occasionally shoved one or two in my mouth as soon as they came out of the oven.  i also can't resist a smiley cookie.  they seem to be at every event in the city, so i never have to go long to fulfill on my smiley cookie cravings.  thank gawd!

my all time favorite salad is the grilled chicken and portabella salad.  i absolutely love the balsamic dressing and mix of fresh ingredients.  i also had a second in high school (when i didn't have to count so many calories, ew) where i'd order a super burger every lunch break.  they are seriously addictive with their super secret sauce combination.  

their breakfast buffet is bomb!  i always have to go for the regulars and one word sums that up.  carbs.  pancakes, french toast and those delish strawberry muffins!  and seriously, what is up with how good their pistachio whip is on the buffet?  i used to lick the bowl...after it was already made and served...don't worry for all you germaphobes!  

needless to say, i helped myself to a lot of samples over the years to be a complete eat n' park expert!hello new neighborhood watering hole!  

this place is legit!  moving to the new hood in dormont means finding a new go to bar.  i need a my hood bar to have a good selection of beer (i accept yuengling and hopefully a rotating seasonal list) and good bar food.  good bar food doesn't have to be good.  i mean, it has to be good, but it doesn't have be gourmet poutine, if you know what i'm sayin'?  

cain's totally surprised me because they have a mega beer list, with lots of drafts on tap, and this particular night southern tier pumking was in the hizzouse!  their menu is huge too!  tons of faves like wings and burgers but the intriguing "codfather," which i will take part in at some point!  i was in the mood for a rachel, because well, why not... it's my name!  

the rachel was awesome, with a good amount of turkey, but not overwhelming and lots of coleslaw, which is totally how i like it!  the rye was fresh and toasted and it all came together perfectly.  but the fries, the fries win my seal of approval!  they were crisp and seasoned correctly, which is a winning fry in my opinion.  

i'll see you soon cains, and will be working my way through your extensive draft list and food menu on the reg!you know how jimmy buffet has cheeseburger in paradise? mine is more like pancake in paradise and this place is it! 

while pamela's serves up the amazing thin crepe-like pancakes, the dor-stop serves up the fluffy equivalent. the list of different combos goes on and on. and if you're with a really good friend, you can order two different ones and split them! genius!

i split the banana chocolate chip pancakes and the pumpkin pancakes. while the pumpkin was incredible, i think i slightly more enjoyed the banana chocolate chip just because the combo is such a winning one! but come fall, i may be all over the pumpkin ones again. although, i'd probably be cheating myself because i have to work my way down the list of them all!

the only thing that would pull me away would be the french toast. it almost seems cruel i have to choose between the two! and it's so dirt cheap too! i think for three people it was around $25 bucks. with coffee and some sides! 

i think there's some other stuff on the menu, but who knows if i'll ever even experience them... how can i with those pancakes!thinking of my car inspection brings fear to the very core of me!  

that little sticker on the left hand side of my car stares at me all year.  i know the fear starts setting in around june (july being when i'm due).  my brakes are squeaky.  the car sounds like death once you turn the engine on.  you know....the endless scenarios that go on in my head that drives me crazy (haha, get it?!)!

you could probably go crazy just finding a garage that's not going to be shady and give you a long list of things that need to be "fixed."  that's why it's finally nice to find a place that will be straight up with you about what needs fixed (or sometimes maybe nothing at all...score!).  plus they don't charge you a small fortune for labor.  i understand labor can be a dirty job...but please....child labor is also dirty job and women don't get to charge for that!  

the two really awesome things i've noticed about them is they're incredibly quick with fixing your car.  you can usually call them day of your car breaking and still get looked same day, if not the day after.  the other thing is that they look around for the cheapest parts to fix your car with.  i appreciate that as a fellow "discount" shopper.  although we may not be shopping for the same things...we're still all about value!

so even though i will again fear the end of june....i don't have to fear my actual mechanic now!what a cool place! i have no green thumb whatsoever, but had passed by for about a year now since i moved to dormont and had always thought the shop looked cute. now was my chance as i needed a last minute christmas present for my grandma. 

the place is larger than you think from the outside. they actually have a whole outdoor area that's covered for the winter with many different plants i couldn't identify. i thought the owner was super duper sweet and just really energetic. her and another staff member helped me pick out a plant that was in a vase, not in a pot, and looked really cool and modern. i loved it and had a fleeting thought to pick one up myself... if i wouldn't kill it (which i probably would!). 

i had commented about a table full of vases filled with what looked like works of art. they turned out to be flower displays for hotels, but man where they cool. if i was doing an event or having a wedding, that's exactly what i would have wanted. they just looked really modern but creative. 

they also have some winged friends you can say hi to, including one screaming one in the back that you can't see. kinda creepy, but i guess that comes with a unique shop! i will absolutely be back to pick up items for people and consider them for any events i have coming up.i'm always the first to say that i love mad mex.  i don't care that it's tex mex, just give me a supersized dance marathon enchilada and i'm in dance party heaven!  

what i was sad about at this location was the gauc,.  it was, how do you say....okay...it was just plain gross.  it tasted rotten!  not the way you want your gauc to taste.  and for some reason i kept torturing myself by taking little bites to see what the heck was wrong with it!  the waitress, who was incredibly nice, took it back to see what was up with it.  she said she thought maybe it had too much lime in it.  i love lime and i don't really know how lime can make gauc taste rotten, but i was pretty bummed 

the good?  my dance marathaon enchilada, as always, was a party in my mouth!  and like i said, our waitress was super friendly and a great server!  she suggested to the seasonal apple cider margarita.  i excited and scared all at once!  i've been digging the ciders lately, but in a marg?  a little scary.  first sip tasted a bit like cinnamon apple sauce.  a tad weird.  a couple sips later, i was into it.  i was also into caramel/sugar lining the rim of the glass!  

solid meal, i just missed the fresh, non weird tasting, gauc.  until next time...practice safe mex everyone!i have a very very soft spot in my heart for this starbucks.  i spent my whole college life and a little bit after serving up market square's best coffee, tea and assorted goodies!

i know i'm totally biased but i really do feel like this is the best starbucks in the city!  no other store has such a cozy feel to it.  i may have fallen asleep in the big comfy chairs by the fireplace a couple times.  i mean, it was hard slingin coffee all day!  especially when you have to get up at 5 am to be there at 5:30 am (yeah, i totally rolled out of bed to go to work).  

it gets slammed around 6:30 or 7 with the before work crowd.  i can still remember people's faces and what they ordered.  i could never understand the woman who ordered a venti (large) 8 pump white chocolate mocha with whip every morning.  i guess girl needed her sugar to survive in the am.  

the nice thing is they're always open.  much to the chagrin of me and my coworkers with the madness of light up night and st. patrick's day drunken festivities.  but it's nice for the tourists to stop in and grab a quick drink and some advice on where to go downtown on a saturday morning.  i'm thankful now when i'm downtown on a sunday because i know it's one of the only places open!  it's just a really great place to meet a friend to catch up or sit and study.  plus they offer free wi-fi, which is always a plus!

just remember, barista's are people too!!  grunting out "tall coffee" instead of a hello doesn't usually fly as a good greeting.  cheer up, you're getting caffeine soon!meh. 

i always hope for the best. i did not, however get the best. although i would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer wasn't bad. but i really don't think there's much you can mess up. the buffalo pierogies however, was a total miss. 

i do not want to make any accusations, but they did not seem to be freshly made, maybe frozen pre-made ones. and they were covered in hot sauce. it didn't look appetizing, nor did it actually taste appetizing. 

they have half off appetizer specials for food and $5 drinks. but all the special drinks were mixed, and i knew they would probably be way too sweet and frou frou for me. 

i went with a glass of malbec, which was a good choice. actually, it was the best choice there. maybe stick to beer or wine and you'll be good to go here.hotel restaurants are just awful!  it's like you have to be mediocre to have a restaurant inside a hotel.  i don't get it!  wouldn't they want you to stay and spend money on their property?? 

nevertheless, this place in the westin hotel is no different.  for starters, the place is sorely outdated.  the decorations look like they're straight out of an 80's music video.  i went with my mom, who asked me if the glass sculptures on the ceiling where chihuly's.  i almost choked on my bread when she asked! 

i always go for sushi when it's on the menu at a fish place.  i can't get away from it, plus i need my weekly (or sometimes daily) fill of it!  so i ordered a spicy yellow tail roll and a ginger salad.  the spicy yellow tail was not spicy.  it had a side of "spicy" sauce.  i'm not too sure that qualifies it to be spicy with a dab of sauce.  the salad's ginger dressing was awful and watery.  i love ginger dressing when it's done right.  but it was not happening at this place! 

the thing that really made me mad is that the place is overpriced to begin with.  my tiny yellow tail roll was more expensive ($7) than the fabu penn ave fish co ($5.50) rolls.  and def not as good!  my mom ordered a bowl of fish soup.  this "bowl" was a deep dish salad bowl and looked as if there was a small ladle size serving.  it was hardly halfway full.  that's all my mom had ordered for lunch.  it was pretty sad looking.  so she asked for a little more from the server.  the server said that's all she could give her because it was restaurant policy.  now let me tell you....i've worked at restaurants.  i've witnessed the people who eat their entire meal, then say it was bad and want another one...and they get another one!  now that's messed up!  asking for a little more soup, that's supposed to be a bowl but looks more like a spoonful is hardly too much to ask for. 

needless to say, i will not be back. there are way better fish places in the city to fill my belly with, hands down! go to penn ave fish co, it's opened a new location right on fifth ave! don't say i didn't warn you!it's always surprising to me when you go to a bar/nightclub/restaurant and they actually have good food! it doesn't surprise me when most of those food and drink items are pricey, so they better be worth it! 

cocktails were sta-rong. my caipirinha was really wicked strong and my cosmo was pretty much cranberry juice with a splash of vodka. looking to party, here you go!  looking to dance...meet me in the middle of the wide dance floor to drop to some pretty excellent dj tunes.  it's nice that there's wide windows that open up in the summer that people can gawk at you dropping it from the street!

i like that there's actually a business downtown that stays open past 9 pm! you'd be surprised the crowd you get here on any night of the week. thursdays are salsa night and friday/saturday you get a mix up the after theater crowd and the night owls. throw in a random steeler (hi charlie batch) or pens sighting and you've got a hip place! i love how the place is decorated like a mad mex restaurant that's ready to throw down on the dance floor! 

although you will always have your creepers....case in point last night. a strange man claiming to work at saks went around kissing our hands. but who doesn't come out of a bar without a creeper story. it just adds more flavor to the place...or a good story to tell the day after!the twist is that this place has much more to offer than just drinks!  the ambiance is great for either a happy hour, pre-performance drink/dinner or night out.  there's a small restaurant set up downstairs and then upstairs has a really hip lounge feel.  the tomato bisque is beyond amazing and the desserts are decadent.  but since they have it in the name, the martini list is fantastic, not to mention tastes great!have you ever watched them make this sandwich?  it's a special craft for sure.  they take two pieces of white italian bread.  pile on your choice of meat and cheese....then the grand finale....cole slaw and fries!  then the put both hands on the sandwich and proceed to smoosh it all down flat. all this is done with their bare hands, no gloves here, so all you sanitary peeps beware! 

i don't know why it's such a fantastic sammy, but trust, it is!  i think it's just the combination of delicious (and fatty) ingredients that does the job.  it's just one more food experience that makes pittsburgh's dining unique. 

if you're visiting pittsburgh, go here?  if you're new to pittsburgh, go here! if you just need your fill of a sandwich with more sides on it than you usually order in a regular sitting, go here!i ate a taco here in the snow. in the snow! i've eaten a taco here sweating my bum off. i"ve eaten a taco standing up because there's no tables. this taco stand is so amazing that i'll pretty much eat a taco here during a hurricane....if those happened in western pa! 

does this not show my true devotion to these tasty little taco's! ok, i lied. i like them so much i just do it up big and get a burrito. it's just a magic mixture of rice, cheese, salsa and lots and lots of lime. i'm into the shrimp burrito because i love me some shrimp. but really, any type of meat or a veggie choice is going to be awesome. plus they are cheap cheap cheap! 

do me a favor and stop by this stand while you're out shopping in the strip, you will not regret it. rain, snow or sunshine!yuck!

it's almost embarrassing having this place exist in the strip with so many tourists coming here.  that has to be how they're making their money because it's certainly not on their food or service.  well, maybe it's the booze too...

i don't even know where to begin.  service was horrible.  the lunch took 2 hours.  on a leisurely sunday that may be fine, but there was no leisure.  at least not with drinks not in hand until a 1/2 an hour after we sat down.  i'd say lunch was served another 1/2 to 45 minutes later.  

it didn't matter though, i knew it wasn't going to be anything spectacular.  i'd heard rumors about the food.  i won't go into any details but i wouldn't trust some items on the menu.  i just played it safe and ordered a veggie salad.  

the salad was in the entree section, so i assumed it would be a full size salad.  it was not.  it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top.  nothing spectacular.  and a side salad at almost $11.  not worth it.  

if you are forced to stop in because you're dying of hunger, stick to a liquid diet:)i've been coming to this salon for about 8 years now and have never had an issue.  i have to suggest my own hairdresser jojo, who does a fantastic job working with my curly hair.  it's always nice to chat and joke around with her while you're getting beautified!

other services i've had done are nails and waxing, which have also been a great experience.  a brazilian wax may never be a comfortable thing to go through, but i've been seeing amy and she has always tried to make ripping out hair as painless as possible:)

all the people who work there are incredibly friendly, and make you feel very comfortable while you're there....even offering up the owners homemade red wine to sip while they style!life is a cabaret, old chum.....

you may come out singing "life is a cabernet savignon" after throwing back a couple here because, yay, you can drink and eat and eat and drink!

i encourage anyone who loves musical theater (or anyone who just likes to eat and drink in a fun environment) to give this place a try!  it's one of my favorite venue's to see a show because it's a whole experience.  

there's not a bad seat in the house because it only holds about 200 tables.  plus they have vip seating in the front, which provides you with some comfy sofa's to sit on.

i'm very excited to see a new caterer come in since the companion restaurant closed next door.  i wasn't too thrilled with the food selections...i really don't know how you make pizza bad...but they somehow did.  

i loved the big bang and i love you, you're perfect, now change.  they honestly do a fantastic job casting the shows.  i have my own personal favorites, it's my own personal fan club of one!

keep in mind there's discounts if you work for certain corporations, you're a student or you come a in group.  everyone loves a discount!  

go see something so you can stop singing the same cabaret lyrics over and over again every time you think of the place!jazz hands up!!

i cannot deny myself the sudden urges i have to break out into song and dance.  that's just the musical theater geek in me!  the clo reminds me of all the reasons i got into theater in the first place.  for the joy of it!

you can tell that they take their time with the casting.  and they may bring in some dancing with the stars type celebrities for their shows (joey fatone in producers = fantastic) but the real talent lies in the local pool.  it's an amazing thing to have so many local theaters and still snag the some of the most talented in the city.  i really think the clo does that.  

it's not just the acting, it's the singing as well, with some power house vocals.  and to my surprise, it's also the dancing!  honestly, the dancing really blows me away.  they don't skimp on some box step stragglers...they hire the triple threats.  fo sho!

the one and only complaint i have, which is completely on a preference level is that i'm not a fan of all the show choices.  was i ecstatic when into the woods (my all time fav broadway show ever) came?  yes!  did i see it twice it was that good?  heck yes!  i hate the show the producers, but the talent, again fantastic.  did i think mame went way too long and el boro?  yes!  but it's a fact that in life you're not going to like everything.  i may have been sitting by someone who was thrilled to be there for 3 hours watching that old dame strut her stuff.  

so i will continue to raise my jazz hands high year after year here because i'm proud of all those talented pittsburgh peeps!i realized today that everyone should have a good tailor!  that realization came about from a trip to the lovely lulu....

i had an adorable vintage dress i had bought in chicago last summer that was too large in all the wrong places and i kept putting off getting fixed.  i had a seamstress friend look at it and she was even stumped by the darts on the chest and how to exactly go about fixing it.  

lulu had be try the dress on and did a few simple markings and i was on my way.  she even encouraged me to make it a bit shorter, which i was on the fence about, but ultimately decided to do once she pinned it up.  i think a day or two later (after she had told me a week) she called to tell me it was done.  

let me tell you, the woman knows her way around a seam!  she worked her magic on that dress so that if fit be like a glove... it as beautiful!  i looked closer and could tell that she completely took apart the bodice to remake it so it fit me in the chest.  but she still kept the look of the dress so that the change was slight and still fit the style.  

now i'm mentally going through my closet thinking of all the things i'm excited to have her custom fit for me!  and of course, visit lulu again, because she's so so sweet!

note: cash only!it's really not clear what to rate for this one.  andy or his sushi.  both have flair, flavor and personality!  i swear he remembers everyone, but even if he doesn't it doesn't matter because he makes you feel like you've been sushi besties forever!

i love going to his stand in wholey's where he'll just randomly hand me a sample roll.  and the rolls he makes are mammoth!  i don't know about everyone else, but i can wolf down my fair share of sushi and it's really hard to finish a full 2 rolls from him.  

the menu is pretty standard but i'm sure he could whip up any kind of specialty roll you'd like.  plus, it's all reasonably priced.  it's just great to have this stand in the middle of the fish market to grab some quick sushi from a very friendly face!it really pains me to do this, because andy himself is such a cool and friendly dude, but after eating at penn ave fish company for so long...i just can't bring myself to get his sushi anymore. it's... just... not that good.  

it all snapped into place for me one day recently.  the sushi rolls he makes are massive, but the taste just isn't there.  he's rushing to make them so fast that as soon as you put your chopsticks around them they completely fall apart.  and the most important part, the fish, doesn't seem all that fresh.  definitely not as fresh as penn ave., which is weird considering he "lives" in a fresh fish mecca.  but the thing i think i've really grown to hate that weird brown sauce he puts on everything.  yuck!  i just can't stand it!  i know i can ask to have it off, but as soon as i seem to remember, it's on there in a flash.

i know it may be cheap and it may be fast, but to me it's just not worth it.  penn ave is right down the street...and i promise you'll love their fresh and delicious sushi!ew! ew! gross! i know that's not the most mature thing to say, but that's what comes to mind when i think about this place! sad thing is, i've been here a couple times. every time i kept thinking it would somehow get better, but no, it doesn't! the miso soup they serve has this weird after taste, and to be honest, doesn't taste like any miso soup i've ever had! so on to the sushi, oh yeah, it's gross too! i think i kept going back because the size of the rolls are humongous. the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all! it's always luke warm and....just.not.good. oh well, i tried. but i'd suggest you not!we are so lucky to have such an amazing theater community in pittsburgh.  this unique theater adds so much to the mix!  it's a fantastic theater because they focus on plays, usually with one musical in the mix. there's new works here, like the original show the chief, about what else, but pittsburgh steelers founding owner art rooney.  they bring in the classics like a midsummer night's dream and the important of being earnest.  they also have newer works right off broadway, like the rabbit hole and superior donuts.  plus, they bring in second city every year, which is big in my book because they've spawned a couple snl cast members!! 

i absolutely love the theater!  i'm a big fan of a theater in the round.  that means there's seating on 3 sides of the stage.  they've also been able to do some really cool things with the stage/set, like making an actual pool for the show metamorphoses.  my favorite all time show was the secret letters of jackie and marilyn, which was a world premiere.  the show was about a made up relationship between the two women where they wrote letters to each other.  it was a very cool concept! 

they also do a lot of great events like the mix at 6 for young professionals before a show.  plus, they understand that most of us under 26 (and of course sometimes above) are broke ho's, they offer $15 tickets!  the great thing is, there's really not a bad seat in the house! 

again, we have a fantastic theater district, so take advantage and go here!  don't make me tell you twice!!i just saw superior donuts! fantastic show with a really talented cast! this show will definitely go down as a favorite of mine!a sizzling steak is their signature. but, when i think of this place, i think old man's club. sorry, i just do. steak, the man's meat. but was that sizzling petite filet good? it was delicious! and "petite" meaning 8oz, which isn't even petite in my book!

we came here for the hubs birthday pick. it had been a really long time since i'd been here, so i was foggy on the details of what to expect, other than steak. we were happy to hear they just started carrying oysters, so we ordered up some blue points. i loved whatever lemon/vinegar concoction came with it!

the sides were just okay. we ordered the brussells with bacon and cheesy potatoes. nothing fabulous, but not bad by any means. plus, you get complimentary bread. which you need once you receive the bill. daaaaaaaaang is it expensive. that's one thing i will always remember! 

one thing i will say is that the service is exceptional. i would expect nothing less. especially because you gotstabe ballin' if you come here. you will not be ballin' when you leave... because you'll be broke. but you'll be full!let's be honest, who doesn't love chocolate?  who doesn't love a whole store devoted to chocolate?!  we're not talking about some generic hershey store.  this place is the real deal!  

in the strip district you've got to really stand out to pull people inside.  basically, if it's not steeler related, good luck!  i wandered in here on a lunch break from work and as soon as i entered i knew i wouldn't regret it!  the unique thing about this store is it specializes in chocolates and other candies from all over the world.  

i had a friend tell me the cadbury bars made over in the uk were way better than the ones made in the states.  i had planned a trip to london and she told me i had to make it a priority to buy a bar there.  i had forgotten about it until a cadbury bar called out to me from the counter in a market over there.  she was not kidding!  it tasted amazing!  not like that waxy tasting ickiness you get from bad chocolate.  it was rich and creamy and amazing.  i could go on and on.  

but back to mon aimee chocolat and the great ole' us of a.  sitting in a display at the store was a cadbury bar.  it was almost radiating light at this point!  i confirmed with the person working there that it was, in fact, a cadbury bar straight off the boat, airplane, cruise ship, etc. from the uk!  i was so excited i just had to buy it!  even though i'm an only child i can be ok with sharing sometimes.  especially if it's an amazing food!  since this chocolate was so good i just had to share with my coworkers.  they all thought it was just as life changing as i had described it.  

of course, since i had discovered this, one of my coworkers had been over to holland and tried a type of candy that became one of her favorites.  of course we had to go back to mon aimee to see if they carried it and sure enough, it was there!  it's such a treat to have this specialty store here in the burgh!  so don't wait...walk, jog or run there...just think, that 'll burn off those calories to indulge it more!!this is by far and away my favorite theater in pittsburgh! i

f you've ever been here you know how beautiful it is! it's a historic landmark and was built in 1927 and restored in the 80's to it's original state. it holds around 2,200 seats and is the third largest stage in the country. as you can see, i'm a total nerd about this theater.

so let me give you some big insider tips about seating! avoid at all costs the outer sides of the left and right orchestra (the floor) in the front. you can actually get a cheap seat if you sit in the back of the left and right sides but only sit on the aisle. if an aisle seat isn't available, go for first or second tier. i would rather see the show from far away than half see the show! 

the touring broadway, pittsburgh clo, pittsburgh opera and pittsburgh ballet theatre perform here. so go support our local theater! just remember it's right here in the burgh, it's still a fantastic production and it's cheaper than a trip to nyc!this is such  fun store!  i mean, what place can you go into, buy a steelers mug, a candy necklace and some plates and napkins for a party?  want pittsburgh themed merch?  they've got it!  need party supplies?  they've got it!  need a bouncy ball?  they've got it!  

you really need to step in here to get the full picture of everything they have to offer....because, it's basically everything!  i've come in here looking for one specific item and walked out with twenty non specific items.  that's just how it goes here!  

seriously, if you're throwing a themed party, looking for unique gift or need steelers merchandise, this is the place for you because you'll more than likely find it...and walk out with more than you planned on getting!  but that's the fun of shopping here!although i wish i was 100% italian, sadly i am not.  i am only 50%.  i blame the other 50% for my shortcomings in the kitchen.  therefor, the beauty and magic of penn mac is 50% lost on me.  but i still think it's 100% awesome.  that was my math lesson for the day!

you could really spend days in here looking over all the different cheeses, pasta sauces, etc.  the "prepared" food section is the best part for me.  there's probably hundreds of different kinds of ravioli, tortellini and spaghetti noodles.  it seriously amazing!  there's no need to think about it, just grab the one with ingredients you like, on a recent trip this was mushroom stuffed tortellini, then grab a sauce.  

you don't have to walk far to wander into the sauce section, which again, houses so many sauces you could swim over to italy in all of them!  i chose the pesto and garlic sauce to pair with my tortellini.  

the service was friendly, especially for a lost looking soul like me.  i didn't know which pasta to pick and they helped me.  i dropped half my purchases on the floor, a staff member helped me scoop them up.  good enough for me!

the dinner i made from penn mac = 100% awesome!rows and rows and rows of coffee. it's pretty overwhelming for a non-coffee drinker. but if there's a wonderful staff, they will lead you in the right direction. in comes a coffee dude that was very knowledgeable and lead me to what sounded like a pretty tasty blend!

i was in shopping for a friend who loves pumpkin coffee, so i made a beeline for the coffee dude and said "must. have. pumpkin." thankfully he knew what i was saying and said he had this special "harvest blend" he mixes himself of cinnamon, hazelnut and pumpkin. sounded and smelled delicious, so i trusted him. 

i sauntered over to the tea wall and saw the many blends of loose leaf tea they have as well. that's my biznas right there! i noticed a christmas blend that sounded amazing, but sadly they were sold out. of course, a couple weeks before xmas that would happen! so i stocked up on some vanilla creme stash tea and vowed to come back and take some time to dive into their tea selection. 

for those strip district wanderers, they have a full coffee bar as well that i'd trust is as awesome as their collection of beans and leaves. tons of supplies for all your sipping needs are packed into this store as well. if you're a coffee or tea lover, this will be your jam. as the terminator would say, i'll be back!i want the pasta trio in ma' belly now! it's hands down the best dish you can get there. three deeeeliscious pasta's served to you in a never ending skillet! what other wimpy pasta's can compete with that? the og (short for olive garden) doesn't hold a spaghetti noodle to this place! 

i swear you to you i haven't seen the same noodle twice here. they always seem to serve up a dish with some crazy looking pasta that they say the name of and i can never remember. but obviously the best thing about it is the sauce! oh, the sauce! meat sauce, sweet sauce, lemon, butter, the list goes on and on. i'll never forget the first time i fell in the love there. i fell in love with this out of this world pumpkin ravioli. i'll never forgot you pumpkin ravioli, never! (this was all said looking wistfully out the window like in a movie montage). 

but don't fear if you need something other than pasta (i don't know why, but let's roll with it). i attended a party there once and we had a a three course meal. first we had a delish caesar salad, which was on the lemony side, just the way i like it! then we had a choice between meats and a fish and i tried the fillet. it was...to. die. for! i was very pleasantly surprised that my non-pasta meal was so utterly satisfying. then came the light and fluffy tiramisu. now i was officially in heaven! we were also sent home with a goodie bag that included lidia's eggplant pasta sauce. i tried it a couple days later and it was great! it's a red sweet sauce with a tiny kick to it. i loved that it had eggplant in it because it was something different than your normal meatie balls and sauce combination. 

and lastly, the ambiance is very unique. there's huge windows in the front to gaze out at well, a parking lot. but they're tinted so you have a nice intimate vibe going on. there's also a huge glass chihuly chandelier hanging in the middle of the restaurant that's gorge! so please, convert over from the og, you will not be disappointed. and don't worry, they do give free bread sticks!it's been a while since i've written about lidia. well, lidia's, not lidia the person. after a couple hit and miss visits with the various pasta trio tastings i had, i'd say i was back in lidia's good graces with their massive brunch spread.

i will give you ample warning, do not eat a single thing before you come here for brunch. for realsies. it's a crap ton of food! and the best part? it's a bargain! for $28 you get the brunch buffet, your choice of main course and a mimosa or bloody mary. isn't that a bloody good time? why, yes, yes it is. you just have to roll me out afterwards!

the buffet is awesome, with tons of traditional anti pasta's, meat trays, soups and salads. i actually went two weeks in a row (i know... that's a lot!) and got to see that they actually change out the buffet items quite a bit. the first week i went i had a delicious bean salad and artichoke salad. the second week i came they had fried risotto balls, which i promptly had about a million of... and tasty mussels. 

for your main course there's about 12 different options to choose from, including the pasta trio of the day! the first week i went with the salmon over beans and potatoes. i asked for it rare, and rare it came out! it was very flavorful and i liked the charred pieces. i could have used a few more veggies underneath, but the salmon was so large (about 8oz i swear) that it just took over the entire plate! the second week i had stuffed cabbage and mash potatoes. odd for a polish meal to be on the menu, but it was delicious. i'd have to say even better than the salmon. i loved stuffed cabbage and the mash potatoes were certainly home made and not instant (could you imagine the horror if they were instant?). 

with all that food it's hard to believe i had room for dessert. but how could you not indulge when it's also on the buffet just staring at you waiting for it's chance to be eaten! the first week i took the traditional tiramisu, which was fantastic! i like tiramisu that's not too espresso tasting and this was perfection. very light and tasty. the second week they had a lemon tiramisu and it was a little slice of lemon heaven. even better than the regular. i shoved so much in my mouth i thought i was going to throw up. but it would have been all worth it, i swear!

so heed my warning, friends! you will thank me as you're rolling yourself outta there!how do you review a convention center? let's go with aesthetic. it's gorgeous! i mean, let's be honest. they can be pretty blah. but i love that it's on the river and they actually take advantage of it! the whole thing is pretty much one giant window overlooking the river. i'm always there clicking pics of the city skyline. 

so how about talking about actually attending some things here? i've been to a handful of conventions here and it's been really well set up. the home and garden show is incredible! it's just floors and floors of exhibits. i thought maybe we'd spend an hour there, but you could easily spend hours or even days! 

i've also spent some time at the farm to table conference and handmade arcade. both have also been really well set up. i like that theirs a good amount of room to walk between aisles. especially when it gets crowded. 

i've also attended a nice dinner here once and the transformation the room makes between conference and evening affair is surprising. they really do make an effort to not make it seem like a generic convention center. believe, i've seen some ugly ones!

the only issue you'll run into is parking. i've been there a couple times when even a little bit into an event the parking at the actual convention center is full. not too bad though because there's close parking in the strip for cheaper! 

so go take in the view... and i guess some kind of show!let me start out by saying, i share food when it's good but i don't share food when it's reaaaaaaly good! so i was there with a friend enjoying their fantastic potato salad and she had scarfed hers down in like 5 seconds and her fork was headed towards mine. i stabbed my fork in the same potato she had settled on and yelled no! and just think, this is just the potato salad from here! 

the burgers are the juiciest biggest most incredible burgers ever! i stick with the cheeseburger because i want to enjoy the burger without any fancy smancy stuff on it. i literally had the first bite of the burger and the juice squirted out the other side. ok, i know that sounds dirty...but it was so good!! i haven't strayed much from the burgers, but i did have the tuna melt once and it was good, but nothing compares to the burgers. i mean, that's what you go there for! plus, my friend saw russell crowe there while he was filming a movie in the burgh, so you have to know it's good if his peeps recommended he go there!first experience here was so so. it's cheap. it's fast. but maybe a little too fast. not following me?

well... the service was super fast, but the server seemed less interested in helping us choose what app or wine to get and more into just getting our orders and darting off. i can't say that she wasn't attentive because i barely finished my wine before she asked me if i wanted another. i'll take that over bad service any day though!

we ordered a couple apps with our drinks and there were more misses than hits. the fries were skinny and bland. the calamari was probably the worst i've ever had, but the crab stuffed portobello's... awesome! weird right? 

so honestly i wouldn't be opposed to stopping in again, i'd just be very very careful with what i order. maybe thoroughly research the other reviews for the good stuff. i mean, hey... isn't that what yelp's for!?my thai food world tour took a detour to nowhere for a while... but i'm back on! and what a triumphant return it was!! 

i had wanted to try thai cuisine for a while but was held up by their remodel. since i wasn't in before, i can't compare to the old, but i'm digging the new look! it's fresh and vibrant, with a friendly staff and comfy booths. they're winning with me already...

we were seated quickly, and almost as our butts hit the booth, there was a bowl of fried noodles and sweet n' sour sauce dropped off like lightning! bonus points! being totally committed to trying pad thai at every thai place in the burgh, you know what i ordered. okay, you really want to know? pad thai with shrimp.

so here's the thing. i really liked the pad thai noodles and sauce. it was a huge portion that i ate entirely (lay off me, i'm starving!!) and it was very saucy (just the way i like it!). i was not into the shrimp. it tasted fishy. like suspicious fishy. i couldn't put my finger on it. was it unfrozen recently? did it have freezer burn? was it sitting out too long? i couldn't tell. but the one thing i knew was that it was not fresh. bummer. it also came with this weird side salad on the plate. it was had a really thick, almost disgustingly so, peanut dressing with a touch of iceberg lettuce. i took a couple bites and gave up. methinks not!

so mental note, next time don't order the shrimp. but seriously, this was the closest i've had to my favorite pad thai in the city, spice island in oakland. i promise you, i'll order something different next time i go back!!pasta is my second language. eating pasta is my sport! 

with that said, i'm always hesitant to get gnocchi because it never seems to be cooked right. it's always gummy and gross. but the waitress assured me the gnocchi here was homemade and very delicious. i took her advice and was served an incredible plate of melt in your mouth light and puffy clouds of italian magic! need i say more? ok i will.... 

the sauce also tasted delicious and definitely homemade. i was torn between getting the gnocchi or pasta vodka. i would have been totally satisfied with that choice as well. thankfully, my friend ordered the pasta vodka and i ws able to steal away a couple bites of it. the sauce was fantastic! it was so creamy and had a hint of parmesan cheese flavor. cheese makes everything better in my eyes (and mouth)! 

our server was really fantastic and did a great job with input on our meals and also filling us in on some upcoming events. they're having cooking classes and wine pairing nights, which i'm totally into! such a great way to get people in the door and eating, plus drinking! 

very quaint and cute inside. i went there thursday and had to hold myself back from not going there again on saturday.  my pasta loving self will sure to be back soon though!there's two saloons in the south hills. i was confused between cain's and the saloon of mt. lebo because they're both the "saloon." maybe it's like the wild wild west and they're feuding. in any case...

if it were to that angle, i'd be hard pressed to say which one would win the shoot out. i liked cain's because it was clean, tons of beer choices and good bar food. but, even though this place is a little darker, a little more "aged" as i'll lovingly put it... they had some darn good wings. and beer selection. but those wings. they were crispy, the sauce was tangy and plentiful, plus it was just plain hot wings and they were delicious!

so the joint looks like it may have seen some better days... if you serve me some bangin' hot wings that are making me dream about them later and a row of around 30+ beers on tap, i'm in! i'll be back to demolish some wings...so here's the thing... we bought a house in dormont and it was so nice to discover a "larger" hardware store that wasn't a big box name. plus, it's only a mile from my place, perfect!

so i head here for a quick pick-up for some three-way switches (ordered by the handyman who was working on my electric at home). i had no clue what i was looking for and had saved a note on my phone. 

i walk in and find the first person i see. a woman who was in a rollier's apron, standing by a cash register reading the post-gazette. i asked her politely if she worked there. she slowly responded "yeah" hardly looking up. i read off what i needed from my phone and again, barely looking up, pointed to the back and said "lighting, in the back."

i stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off. customer service is so important... and i would expect a locally owned hardware store to have excellent customer service. why? i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible. but compared to the excellent service i experienced at home depot every time i've been in, this was a real letdown. 

i did find a nicer employee who showed me exactly what i needed in the back, but still. i won't say i'll never go in again, but it definitely left a sour taste in my mouth.weird experience.  

i asked what they use for their chai latte and they said they have their own "mix."  i'm here to tell you... i have no clue what they gave me.  i felt like it was peppermint spiced tea, with half water half steamed milk.  it was pretty gross, and wasn't even remotely close to a chai latte. 

i also tried to make convo with the barista's.  they were having none of that.  they just wanted to work, i guess.  maybe jam to their awesome playlist, which i can definitely give them credit for.  

their desserts and pastries looked amazing!  so i had to take home some cookies.  i chose a sugar cookie and mexican cookie.  the sugar cookie was that weird crumbly kind.  i like doughy goodness.  i'm not wasting my calories on a bad cookie.  the mexican cookie was just the same consistency.  ugh!

too bad, the place is super cute, but in my opinion it's an utter fail.  oh wait, free internets.  not a total loss... sorry buds!let's talk about the weird interaction i had with a barista here.  i asked if they offered free internet.  simple question, right?  she hesitated and then went on this whole diatribe about how it used to be free, and then it wasn't and now it kinda is, but she wasn't sure.  i swear that's exactly what she said.  so she hesitantly gives me this paper, pulled off from a whole stack mind you, of the internet name and password.  at this point i'm confused...do you not want me to be here?  is it free?  i finally got my answer when i logged on with no issues, it's free.  why all the hassle??

the only reason i can see (and seriously a big one) is the coffee shop hanger on-ers.  i can only imagine how this has become an epidemic in spots like this.  hip spots with lots of students and recent grads who want to scope out the free internet havens.  i get it....the coffee shop wants you to get your coffee, hang out for approximately 2 hours and leave.  i'm sure this is not the case...and that people hang out enough that they could easily put on an apron and handle orders behind the counter.  so long story short, this place is packed.  packed like you usually have to take a couple laps to find a free table....or even lone chair!  it's a little annoying. plus, you're most likely going to see what the person next to you/on top of you is doing.  oh, sweet game of chess there dude....

oh yeah, my chai was okay, oregon chai mix (my third fav after a homemade mix or intellegentsia).   made exactly how i ordered it, extra hot, which a lot of people do not do correctly (it needs to burn my tongue, for realz).  

but for me, this is a spot i'd avoid....way too crowded!this is a vintage shoppers paradise!  the place is stocked full of original vintage finds from the 1920's and on.  it may be packed full but it's easy to navigate between the different decades as they are clearly marked in select sections.  the prices aren't outrageous if you're looking for something unique for a special dinner or event.  you can tell that the owner goes above and beyond to find the best vintage selections.  it's not just clothes too, but gorgeous jewelry and a very unique selections of vintage eyewear.i've never been to soba to eat a proper dinner. only for drinks in their old bar. i remember it being tiny and pretty unremarkable. but now... wow! it's really a beautiful space. they must have replaced the lounge and the drink menu... because now it's memorable!

we were sitting there enjoying the open air windows looking onto the street, as the slight summer breeze rolled in, trying to figure out if this was an unused space or a new building they bought. either way, the expansion is incredible! 

i truly enjoyed sitting in the lounge sipping on some pretty phenomenal cocktails. i think sometimes i just assume meat and potatoes and acacia are going to be the joints were i'm going to enjoy a stellar cocktail and that's it. but how narrow minded of me? i should be equal opportunity cocktail, right?! 

i loved the docksider (silver rum, aperol, agave nectar, grapefruit bitters, lemon, basil). i'm super into any cocktail with grapefruit, because that equals refreshing to me, and less sweet. but what blew me away was the rebellion (beet infused wigle whiskey, luxardo maraschino). i love beets, so if you don't, this may not be the drink for you... but i thought it had a light beet taste with just the right amount of whiskey. and those maraschino cherries. geez. i could eat gallons of them!

we also sampled some grub from the menu. the spicy noodles were very good, with just the right amount of spice to make my noose run (a sign of good spice). i could have used a touch more veggies, as the mushrooms were very good, but i find noodle dishes never have enough veggies in them. i thought the pork rolls were okay as well as the calamari, but really dug the yellowtail sashimi. fresh and delicious. like it should be! 

i want to try every single drink. so let's begin...i can't believe i haven't reviewed this yet because it was simply incredible!

seriously folks, if you're looking for a nice night on the tahn, look no further!  and my words of advice: do the omakase tasting menu!  there's really nothing more to tell you other than you will find it incredible, i guarantee!  

the omakase tasting menu is either a seven course or eleven course dinner with dessert.  it's indulgent and worth every penny (at $85 and $130 respectively).  the plates served to you are small, but honestly not as small as i thought they'd be and the desserts, seriously, massive!  

we had the salmon tartare, sawara seared with hot sesame oil, fluke sashimi, black cod with miso, tuna shashimi rock shrimp tempura and an array of sashimi (toro, snapper, salmon, tuna and saward).  honestly everything was fantastic and fresh, just like fish should be.   

like i said, the desserts were all amazing and most of the choices were very rich.  i really enjoyed the chocolate maki and the inventive house made ice creams.  

the overall experience blew me away.  from the service, to the food to the atmosphere it's a perfect 5 star place and if you live here and haven't been, don't wait any longer!absolutely adorable!  on my quest to be a refined english lady i've been on a hunt for the cities best high tea service.  probably not the most popular past time, but you can't knock it until you've tried it!  and... you must try this place!

this is a proper setting for such an event, you almost feel like you need white gloves and a parasol!  and surprise, the inn is actually an inn!  apparently it dates back to the olden days of yore (late 1800's) and is one of those old shadyside mansions that was converted into an inn at some point.  but if you have relatives who want something more unique in the heart of a vibrant burgh neighborhood, i'd suggest here!

let's get to the tea service though!  it's served from noon to four daily, which is nice for a "ladies who lunch afternoon" or a saturday or sunday outing for mom.  it's in a parlor, which is small but charming.  there's also an outdoor patio that would be nice if it's not too hot out (drinking hot tea in 80 degrees isn't too appealing).  there's a full high tea service for $20 per person, which seems a little steep, but for tea service isn't too bad.  there's also other combo's for around $12, but i'd say go big or go home!

the tea menu is very large and there were tons of choices. they give you the main choices between black, green and herbal, but you can also blend them together too.  i chose the caramel vanilla, which i guess is being taken off the menu sadly.  it was delish though... so maybe they'll bring it back at some point.  there were honestly a lot of different ones i would have been more than happy with too!

the one thing i think is very cool and very different is that they offer you a different tea selections with the different tiers of food.  i've never heard of them doing that before.  usually you get one tea choice and that's it.  i love that you can pair the foods together with different teas for no up-charge.  very unique and a definite perk of coming here.  

i've been to several high tea services and this one would definitely be on the light side.  the portions were small, but surprisingly filled me up for the entire afternoon until a later dinner.  i mean, it's tea service, not a five course meal!  there was a chicken and egg salad sandwich and a mushroom and cream cheese on a crisp baguette.  the winner was absolutely the mushroom and cream cheese choice.  it was amazing and i definitely could have eaten ten of those!  

there were two scone choices of blueberry/peach and lemon/lemon ginger.  those were actually surprisingly tiny.  i thought they were both moist and fresh, but i would have loved them to be a bit bigger because they were so good and i love to slather clotted cream on them!   oh, and there was also fresh fruit.  which is great and all, but more scone please!

the last tier was the desserts.  forgive me for not being accurate enough, but there was a delicious chocolate piece, cheesecake with lemon curd and blueberries.  loved the chocolate, but i like my cheesecake plain.  while it was good it wasn't life changing.  but, the coconut macaroon was honestly thee best macaroon i had ever had.  again, ten of those in my possession would have been scarfed down in like 5 seconds.  i would buy a batch of those if i could!  seriously, can i??

i can't wait to bring my mom here, total mom place fo sho!  but i also love it for myself too!  or for a bridal shower... if i could do another one (since i'm married i don't think that's proper).  but it's a great place, that's what i'm trying to say and i'll for sure be back to get my proper english lady on!what a production! i don't even know where to start...

the place is small.  they didn't lie to me when i made the reservation.  of course we had to pick the busiest day and time, saturday at 7pm.  the nice lady on the phone told me a reservation helps but we may still have to wait.  i did appreciate that tip from her.  

sure enough, we showed up and it's packed!  the unfortunate thing is it was cold, so eating on their patio was not going to happen.  therefor, people cram into what tiny space is allowed in the front.  but when i say tiny, i really mean no space at all.  an older man pretty much barked orders at us and demanded to know if we had a reservation.  thank god we did, i was a little scared of him when he ran off muttering about no seating in you ain't got reservations.  

so the first table of the restaurant is thee worst, because people are standing on top of you jealously staring down at you and your food.  of course we ended up with that table!  thankfully, our server and anyone else helping out was extremely friendly and helpful and made us feel comfortable.  

we started with the mussels app.  it came in a light garlic sauce and was a good amount of mussels.  i'd say they were pretty tasty and i loved dipping the bread into the sauce.  the bread actually became my best companion that night... more on that later!

i ordered the gnocchi with tomato sauce and mozz cheese.  i love when italian restaurants dump the sauce on and this was a winner.  i love sauce!  i know some people aren't into that, so i'll warn you if you like light sauce, you won't be happy.  after having gnocchi at il pizzaiolo in south hills earlier that week (i know, i'm on an italian kick!) it didn't hold a candle to those light little pillows of pasta and potato.  the sauce though, delicious!  

much to my husbands chagrin, i had a hard time keeping myself from grabbing his plate!  he had the spinach and ricotta ravioli, which i didn't have have a bite of... but the sauce.... oh my!  orgasmic!  i love tomato cream sauce and this was amazing!  i kept dipping my bread into his sauce, with him increasingly getting annoyed.  did i want to risk a fight for that delicious sauce... maybe!!  it was soooo good!  

but the real action took place as we were finishing up our meal.  i had noticed the older dude/owner walking around with a glass of red wine the whole time.  i thought that he was pretty rude, but kinda funny, in a typical italian way.  well, i start to sense a commotion beside me and realize the owner and a server are in a heated convo.  then the older dude screams "get outta here you f*%& a@#hole!" and then shoves him!  whoa!!  

i was shocked a boss would do that to an employee.  come to find out it's his son.  a woman, who i assume was also part of management (maybe even a family member!), came over to our table and apologized, joked this was normal italian behavior and offered us free dessert.  i thought that was really nice of her and and appreciated.   

i just feel bad because those kind of things take down a business.  the good was great, but witnessing that, you wonder how long you can work like that.  hopefully the dude can retire to a nice italian villa with lots of wine instead of screaming at his son in the middle of his restaurant!you come here for the first time, you may think you're walking into some mystery basement.  you come here with a friend who's also never been here, they may think you're taking them somewhere scary.  thankfully, neither of those are true!  

as soon you walk in the door, you're comforted by the fact that it's just a cozy little basement restaurant!  coming here at 2pm on a weekday, you'll also be joining the ladies who lunch, just fyi, this is shadyside after all!  i actually got the idea to come later (after the lunch rush) because of the yelp reviews.  good thing i did because the ladies who lunch had taken every table except for one!

looking at the menu, the first thing that struck me was that this wasn't a lunch place!  most of the crepes are of the sweeter persuasion.  which is usually a-okay with me, but i was starving for some sustenance, so i needed to go with the savory.  i choose the veggie crepe, with mushrooms, spinach and tomatoes.  the crepe itself was nice and fluffy, with a good amount of veggies in the middle.  i thought it was the perfect amount and even came with a nice side salad, which included mandarin oranges.  

now i know a lot of you will say, why not just go for the sweet then, but i've gotta have my savory before i have my sweet.  i know, i'm a weirdo!  but, i had a little bit of my friends dark chocolate and banana crepe and it was just a delicious teaser to what will most certainly be my future dessert here!  

hot tip:  cash only!  come on off peak times because it's tiny and you'll be hard pressed to find a seat during lunch hours or saturday/sunday brunch.holy beautiful beads!  what an amazing and unique store to stumble upon!

if you're into making your own jewelry, this is thee store for you.  there's just rows and rows of beautiful beads from different parts of the world.  really, anything and everything you can think of from pearls, to amethyst to crystals and many many more is right in front of you to purchase.  of course, this type of hobby will probably set you back a pretty penny...but i'm sure if you're investing in these pieces you're going to be making some gorgeous jewelry!

if you are not into making your own jewelry but love unique and one of a kind pieces, this store is also the store for you!  they have amazing handcrafted necklaces, bracelets and earrings.  but what really caught my eye was the incredible rings.  maybe because they were actually in my kinda sorta price range, but again, they were just so unique.  stone rings, glass rings, crystal rings.

if you're heading to shadyside, you have to stop in to be hypnotized by the jewels!i'm seriously confused at why people hate on this place so much.  maybe the service/food can be iffy at times, but today it was great!  i hadn't been here in a really long time, so i felt like i had to try the food again to write a proper review.  

we got the "best seat in the house" according to the host.  that actually means the seat by the window so you can people watch.  everything looks good on the menu, so i opted for a little bit of everything.  i started with the cauliflower soup.  i didn't know what to expect, but it came as pureed with a cheesy taste to it.  it was amazing!  i asked the server what was in it and she said it was cream cheese.  mystery solved, cream cheese makes everything better!  

i also tried the beat salad.  i loved the fact that there was golden and red beets in it.  i just wish there were more, although i always feel that way about beet salads at restaurants it seems.  the main course was the walnut crusted salmon with bread pudding and apple buerre blanc.  it was really tasty.  the salmon was cooked perfectly, which meant not over cooked at all, and the bread pudding/apple buerre was really delish!  

our server was incredibly friendly and attentive and i really couldn't ask for a better meal.  i've been won over and i'd definitely go back...and try ten things again:)any business with the word "sub" in the title is going to scare me. only because subway has really ruined my idea of a sub. i hate subway. like, i can't even walk by a subway and not shudder. so just by default i avoid anything with sub in the title. sorry uncle sam's.

but burgatory was closed for a watermain break and that was the only viable option. i'm really glad it was though, because it really was delicious. honestly, it was very very good. i ordered the portobello sandwich, with melted swiss cheese and caramelized onions. it was funny because i asked for wheat bread (which subway does have!!) and they said "we only serve white." well, okay. no avoiding the processed flour here friends!

but whatever, it was a darn good sandwich and i'm into it!cute little diner hidden on a curve between lower and upper lawrenceville. we came here for sunday brunch, craving some delicious breakfast food.  i think i almost had a heart attack at how cheap it was.  for barely $4 you get eggs, a choice of meat and toast.  i mean, seriously!

i actually opted for the country omelet, which was ham and provolone cheese, onions, peppers, mushrooms and tomatoes.  it was an packed omelet with a crap ton of cheese!  it had to be like 3 or 4 slices!  it also came with home fries and wheat toast.  the home fries were okay, but i like crispier slices than what i got.  

the service was extremely friendly.  seriously went out of their way to check on you, get things for you and just be plain nice!  it is incredibly appreciated.

i discovered no paper towels in the the bathroom and told the server.  she whispered to me that they don't keep paper towels in the bathroom anymore, but at the front counter.  apparently people were stuffing them in the toilet.  um, whoever is doing that, stop it!  i want paper towels in the bathroom!

hot tip: they do accept credit cards
in the summer it looks like they have a super cute patio to sit out on!well... i'm surprised they offer a brunch menu. i actually only thought it was a bar. come to find out they have a dining room next door. seems kind of like a diner. which brings me to my next point. it was okay diner food. 

the brunch menu actually looked pretty promising with some delicious looking breakfast sandwiches. since i wanted something a bit lighter, i went with the omelet loaded with veggies and cheddar cheese. i didn't realize it came with potatoes until i got it in front of me. plus toast. which is nice, but i wish i would have been told from my server so i could have ordered wheat... if they had it. the omelet was okay, but the veggies were still kinda hard, like it wasn't cooked very long. and the homefries weren't very crispy, which in my opinion is the best way to do them. 

so here's the weird thing. everyone ended up getting their food in shifts. we had a party of 8, so it was pretty large, but we were literally the only party in there other than another four top. first shift got their breakfast sandwiches. they'd eaten most of their meal by the time the second shift got their waffles. the third shift was 3 people who'd ordered omelets. 

it just seemed odd that it took so long in between. i wouldn't have noticed much if it was by a few minutes. but it was a good fifteen or more. it wasn't horrible, because there was good company, but it definitely wasn't the best service i'd had. 

not sure about the bar area of hambone's, but i probably wouldn't come back for brunch.i know a lot of people really love this place, but i can't stand it. 

i literally can't go there anymore because of the smell. i know it's because of the brewery and the yeast they use for the beer. but ugh....i can't shake it. i smell it when i come in, i smell it when i eat and i smell it on me after i leave. 

it's such a shame too because the place is just gorgeous! obviously, it used to be a church and they've kept a lot of the original stain glass windows. even the pews and tables you sit at are originally from the church. 

i.just.can't.take.the.smell. 

also, i'm not really a fan of the beer they brew. i've tried it a bunch of times and it just never seems to stand out for me. the food is not bad either. i've had the pizza's, which are offered in a variety of different types. i seriously just can't take the smell. 

i'm sure i'll get talked into going again sometime, but hopefully it's in the summer when i can sit outside. the outside does have a great set up. plus, you don't have the smell. 

i'm sure the point has come across the smell wasn't there i'd probably not mind the place. it doesn't bother my friends as much as it bothers me, so maybe i'll just chalk it up to having a strong sense of smell.  i'm totally ok with that when it's good smelling things, i swear!my peepers are definitely taken care of here.  i get a lecture every time about wearing my contacts for too long, which makes me know they're doing a good job (and maybe one of these days i should really listen!).  

i've seen dr. siegel for years now and he's always done an excellent job.  but the real testament to the practice is that i've actually seen two other newer dr's here and they've both also been extremely friendly and helpful.  the last dr. i saw, dr. klescz, comes highly recommended from me, she was just as great as the others!

i also think they do a fantastic job following up with you, whether it be with your annual exam or your order for contacts or frames.  even if you call and leave them a message they always call back the same day.  that's a great trait to have in a business that i appreciate with something as important as my sight!  

the absolute only complaint i have is that i wish they had a funkier selection of specs.  i think they have a wide selection and i do think the selection has gotten a little better in the past year with the addition of betsey johnson frames (yes!) so hopefully they keep going in that direction.  

the best piece of secret info i can give you....that stupid puff test you do for glaucoma that always makes you jump away like a crazy person....you can opt to have them check it out without the puff!  yes, i just saved you from puff humiliation!  your welcome!they've really got their shiz together!  i can't complain about a single thing!  the service was a+.  completely attentive and extremely friendly.  food was excellent!  

i hadn't been to pipers in a while so i felt like i needed another visit to properly review the place.  i got super excited about going there when i tried their guinness stew at an event last week so i was set on ordering that because it was so delicious, even in a buffet style!  but then at the last minute changed my mind, being tempted by the lamb and smoked chestnut shepherd's pie.  it was so savory!  the scottish ale gravy was so thick and tasty and those crispy potatoes on top?  it was like icing on top of a delicious cake!  i am not one to forget about the sweet things in life, but this was such a hearty meal that there was no way i could have eaten dessert after such a hearty meal.  

now i can't wait to go back and sample some more delicious meals and have a nice english ale to boot!i came for the sandwiches and stayed for the beer! 

it's great the renovations that have gone into this little deli. over the last year they've added a beautiful new bar and added to the patio out back. i don't know what more they could do other than buy the whole block! 

my go to is always the chicken salad sandwich. i love me a good chicken salad. like the one with mayo. i say the one with mayo pointedly because i love mayo! and a lot of it. so if i order a chicken salad sandwich i want a good amount of mayo. i always try to duplicate them at home and it never has the flavor that this does. plus, i love the breadworks bread! i could eat a whole loaf and be one happy camper.

i also think they have a nice selection of sides as well. i usually go for the tomato and cucumber salad, but i'll switch it up with coleslaw or potato salad once in a while. i try not to go too mayo heavy on the sides since i get my fill in the sammie! but there's a good amount to try from including pasta salads or you can grab some chips. 

i think it's so cool the owner mike's dedication to local brews. all of his taps are 100% local. local as in, around the western part of pa (erie included... holla!). we've got some good places to choose from, that's for sure! plus, he does samplings on wednesdays and hosts regular nights were the reps come in and talk up their brews. 

if you can't stay you can also browse the 300+ bottles of beer they sell to take home. so you've got lots of different options. all of which hopefully end up with beer involved! so basically, if you're a craft brew aficionado, you must stop in here! oh, and if you like sandwiches too!this place is insanely gorgeous! i just loved my time here as a guest of an event i attended recently. every room seems to have a different feel to it. you could seriously have one heck of an event here with some creativity. 

there's even a full working kitchen... which probably comes in handy for caterers. 

if i was getting married (again:) or looking for a large event space i'd look here. you could really work some cool themes into the event. i'd love to do a mad men themed event here, it just seems to lend itself to that era. but i kinda think you could do anything with the venue. 

the only thing that would be an issue is that you would absolutely need to hire a valet service. we all know what a pain in the ace parking is in the south side, double that with a super narrow street and you're pretty much parking miles away.this place has been a favorite of mine since it opened.  no need to go to benihana's ever again!  it's locally owned right in the heart of the hip south side area.  you'll definitely need a reservation for most nights of the week as it is always busy.  you may pay for the ambiance but it's definitely worth it for the food.  for drinks try the key lime pie martini, for an app try the hawaiian roll and for the habachi try the filet mignon or tuna steak.  they melt in your mouth!  added bonus, if it's your birthday you bang on a large gong!well... this place has lost it's luster for me. everything that used to taste high quality and fresh tastes just okay now. the sushi isn't that great anymore. the habachi just isn't the same.

what happened? did i change? did this place change? i think it's a little of both. maybe i can compare it to a relationship. yes, that's it. things were awesome at first. we were in love and everything was just perfect. the sushi was fantastic and fresh. the habachi was so delicious i wanted to lick my plate.

then over time things started to deteriorate. the sushi didn't taste like my beloved penn ave fish, my new amore. the habachi was missing something. did the soup recipe change? not as much flavor. did the portions get smaller. where did my sprouts go?! things started to head south...

the last straw was the whole atmosphere or club nakama we'll call it. the music is pulsating techno. the crowd is judge-y. the service is lacking. and the food, it's nothing special. sad, because what once was, is no more:(

it's time to break-up. we had a good run. we may run into each other once in a while and be friendly, but for now, it's time we take a break. might be for good this time. you never know....nice big starbucks! nice enough to hold a meeting or camp out for a work sesh. typical starbucks, you know. wish there was better parking but it's south side, so you have to expect that. if you're looking for local though make your way over to big dog coffee on sarah!i may be a hypocrite slightly.  i talk about how much i hate sandwiches.  but i think the epidemic in boring sandwiches turned me off.  i've been meeting more and more unboring sammies lately, which has made me actually start to crave them!

i had wanted to stop into the pretzel shop for a while and had heard they also serve sandwich and not just pretzels.  they actually have a whole case full of sandwiches and sides.  i opted for the turkey sandwich with horsey dressing on a pretzel bun (dah!).  

that pretzel bun... amazing!  it was so moist and doughy, and not too salty (which i hate about regular ones).  i also loved the tangy dressing.  it honestly made me want to come back and buy up the whole store of pretzels, that bun was so good!  you could probably buy the whole store for $20 everything is so cheap, cheap, cheap!

i'll be back now for my new pretzel sandwich habit, and probably a developing pretzel habit.  all thanks to the pretzel shop!we're really lucky to have such a cool, intimate space to experience live music here in the burgh. i carefully picked the word "experience" because it's not just packing yourself into a concert venue and seeing a dot in front of you that's supposed to be a performer.

here, you're up close and personal, and that's what music is all about. i came to see martha wainwright and it was just that. i saw her as not a dot, but a person performing some great songs right in front of me. sounded great and went with the chill environment of people sitting enjoying the tunes.

best part? okay, well, other than the music was atwater vanilla java porter on tap! i'm so into that beer, and on tap!? amazing! looking at the chalkboard of drafts, their list seemed pretty solidly stacked with the goods. plus, with a new brunch service, i'm definitely going to be visiting more often. food and music, i'm in!this place makes south side cool.  this place is not your typical carson street bro fest.  this place is where you want to be!

if you created a bar in a cave, this would be exactly what it would look like.  it's dimly light with red lights illuminating the rock walls.  you can hop into one of the little seating coves or grab a table with swirly looking chairs.  nothing about this bar is boring as far as ambiance goes.

as busy as the bartenders are, they're super friendly and quick.  i told the bartender chick to make me something fun and she whipped up this delicious cocktail she called the refreshing side of a margarita.  wasn't too sweet, but had just the right kick to it (thanks tequila!).  i loved it!  at $4 it's a steal too!

there's also a decent dj on saturday nights with a small dance floor in the back to werk your thang.  i appreciate a place that let's me werk it on the weekends!  actually, coming here for the first time in a while, it makes me want to come back sooner...seriously, one of thee most unique places to eat in the burgh!  big thing here is, it's an antique shop that also has awesome vegetarian food!  so being a antique shop, they draw upon that for all their decorations in the dining room area.  it's like walking into your quirky grandma or aunt's house. 

the food could stand alone, without the antiques shop.  i ordered the lentil burger for the first time ever.  i can happily report back that it was absolutely delish!  it was huge and packed full of goodies (what i found out was, lentils, bread crumbs, potatoes, etc.).  the burger kinda fell apart after a few bites so i opted to eat with a fork.  no worries, it still tasted good!  it also came with a side of chips, but i opted out because of my lame diet and ended up getting a side salad.  the side salad acted more like a full salad, it was served in a tiny bowl stuffed full of fresh lettuce, peppers and grapes!  

since i'm a huge fan of tea i was also super excited to see such a massive tea list.  i choose the almond spice black tea and am happy to report it was super tasty.  loved that it came out in a pot all for myself!  i love my own personal tea parties!

the antique side is, of course, filled with a plethora of chachkies.  but there's many many treasures to be found!  i totally dug a couple of awesome 70's style dresses that inspire me to find some kind of 70's themed party (or throw one!).  i thought the vintage costume jewelry selection was awesome though!  it was a win win for me walking out of there with a full belly and a $12 vintage bracelet!  

don't be fooled, this place is legit awesomeness!easy breezy!

i needed something printed and fast! i called to get the info since i'm usually more comfortable talking with someone about the process person to person than just submitting something.  from start to finish the service here was stellar.  everyone was super nice and helpful when i spoke with them and had questions.

you submit your file online and then they'll call with an estimate.  they called me shortly after to confirm everything and then called me a couple hours later when it was done.  i was so pleased with their service i used them for a bigger job later on.

second time i used them i had them print off posters and postcards.  i had no clue how to do this and they helped me choose the kind of paper and cut.  it looked beautiful when i picked them up two days later.  they were nice and glossy and cut perfectly.  

the price wasn't bad, although i don't have a lot to compare it to.  it didn't break the bank in any way if that makes it better!okay, you got me!  i'm a sucker for themed bars!  

don't give me a trendy club where every girl's wearing 10 inch heels and a tight dress and every bro is well... a bro.  i want corny, cheesy themes that you can just go in and have some fun!  i want some fun tunes to let loose and a friendly bartender that doesn't look so bored they want to die.  no lie, the bartender touched me, with a fake arm.  you know, the ones you buy from halloween stores that have blood on the top like it was chopped off.  fitting right?

come to jekyl and hyde were everyday is halloween, for realz!  the specialty drinks have a whole list of "evil names" that you can choose from, and they won't break the bank either.  any day of the week they'll have some kind of theme.  it's really just a old fashion good time, with creepy decorations!this poor giant eagle.  it leaves much to be desired.  it's the forgotten giant eagle amongst all the kings of the market district giant eagles.  it's the red headed step child of the giant eagles.  i lovingly call it ghetto bird.

my fav giant eagle is the one in the waterfront.  but since i live in mt. washington sometimes it's just not worth it to sit in traffic on 376 when i need a mid week grocery run but don't have the time to battle traffic.  this is my middle resort, considering the mt. w foodland is the absolute last resort (only for canned food).  

a cop greets you as you walk in the door, nice touch. there's also usually at least a couple people having a very nice conversation, with themselves...it's great entertainment while you're trying to find the whole wheat spaghetti.  

they're usually pretty well stocked and have mostly everything i need.  the only downer is if i need my quick/cheap sushi fix iti isn't made fresh in house....so whatever they get in is questionable....and i avoid it at all costs.  also, their organic section is pretty small compared to market districts.  oh well, you can't have it all at ghetto bird.  but i'm ok with it for the location....i won't say this a lot....but i felt slightly out of my element here.  i feel like the beehive has probably hosted many area teenagers over the years.  most of those teens have probably made their mark, literally, on the walls and tables of this place.  

but alas, i am a teen no more.  just trying to keep "hippity hop" like the rest of those youngins.  so for me, it's just not that type of place i can get into.  for others i'm sure it is.  possibly a place that gets better at night...when you involve a dimly lite room, alcohol and karaoke.  

keeping it old school...like way old school...they do not take credit card.  a little irritating but i do understand that those transactions cost the owners money and i want to support the local biz scene. 

i did appreciate the incredibly friendly service i received from the barista and the delicious apple cinnamon iced tea i drank in like five seconds.  i'd come back solely based on the service and to try the food.  i just don't know if i'd spend an extended period of time to say work...i may be too distracted people watching!this is the cutest, quaintest restaurant in pittsburgh! a must for a romantic evening. it's incredibly small so you will always need a reservation. in the summer they have a beautiful outdoor seating area that's filled with greenery and a fountain. along with the great atmosphere comes great food! they change their menu often but have a variety of french inspired dishes to choose from. the eggplant is fabulous, so try that if you have the option..another day another sharp edge.  i'd say this would tie with the friendship location.  it's the same kind of feel, dark interior like a ski lodge/beer emporium.  you know the type...right?!

i love their almond cranberry chicken salad platter.  it comes with a huge helping of chicken salad, a huge helping of pita bread, tomatoes and apples.  i just love it.  i think i love it so much because it's so creamy with mayo.  which is probably bad, but oh so good!

i haven't been to this area before, but it seemed like this was a prime choice considering there's not...many...other...choices around.  and get the salad, i promise, you won't regret it!there's always a first time for things, and this is a first in my book...

sketchy looking building. check.
enter through a kitchen and dine in someone's living room. check.
eat hungarian food from an older man who makes everything in said kitchen. check.
communal dinning with strangers. check.

it's definitely a one of a kind experience. so for $15 you get 6 courses. yep, that's right... six! and seriously, all the second helpings you could ever want. they literally tell you to clear off the plate or bowl before removing it from the table! 

it was a packed house, with three parties of 8-10 people, and then we were the odd "man" out with a party of 5. the problem was, the tables sat about 12, so we had to split up between two tables. not necessarily ideal, but we made it work. especially because the 2 of us who has together had a pretty fun table to converse with... i don't think that can be said for the other 3. but my only real suggestion for the place is to schedule the seating a little better.

i don't even know where to start with all the food. some dishes were really really good, while others were just okay. maybe i'll start with the okay. the first dish, the fried dough and mushrooms (sorry if there's a proper hungarian name for this that i don't know) was just okay. the mushrooms tasted like they had come out of a can. maybe they didn't, but they weren't flavored very well. the peasant soup was good. it was peppery, which i appreciate and tasted more like chicken noodle soup.

everything else, i can say, was very tasty. i didn't realize hungarian culture shares haluski as a dish. i love haluski, but think it can easily be bland. not with this. again, it had enough pepper and even salt to satisfy me. the sauerkraut and pork was great and the pork was very tender. i'm not even a big pork fan and thought it was good. but the thing i will remember the most is the goulash and chicken. i never order chicken at restaurants. i don't like cooking it at home. i'm just not a big fan. but this was the best, most flavorful and tender chicken i've ever had. it was delicious! that is saying a lot from me, an anti-chicken gal! 

it was really cool at the end because alex, the owner and cook, came out and talked about hungarian history. you think about how america has become such a melting pot, you don't know if you'll get this kind of experience a decade from now. it just was very heartwarming to hear him speak so passionately about hungarian culture.not too impressed with them.  i had an arrangement made for my mom and it wasn't up to par with what i was paying for.  the flowers weren't very desirable looking.  if i'm shelling out money for pretty things, i want them to be pretty!

plus, the thing that really bugged me was that the shop reeks of smoke!  seriously, it's disgusting!  who wants to come into a place that's supposed to be filled with things that are supposed to be beautiful and smell nice and "rosy" and instead smell like an ash tray.  very unprofessional in my opinion.  

it's too bad because they're the only flower shop on the mount, so i'd they get a lot of business from the two funeral homes as well as business from the city.  maybe that's why they stay in business, people don't actually step inside the shop.  it's just weird to me, right?!  

i'll stick to the flower shop on banksville rd were the flowers actually smell good and the shop matches that!seriously, who doesn't like ice cream?  especially if it's right there in your own hood!  

the only issue i have with this place is that it's usually always packed in the summer!  but that's because....

number one:  it's on one of the main streets in mt. washington
number two:  it's a tourist trap
number three: it's the only ice cream place on the street!  

there you go, no competition!  the owner has to make a killing scoopin out the cones in the summer, for sure.

my fav flavor is the birthday cake ice cream.  it has cake, frosting and sprinkles mixed in.  yummo!  i was not a fan of the chocolate milkshake only because i don't like chocolate ice cream (i know, i'm weird) and they make it with that and choco syrup.  too much!  if you're looking to go all out, the brownie sundae is divine!  

so try to go on the off peak times like....the winter?  

there's no fighting a strong urge for ice cream in the summer though, so if there's a long line, i'd still wait.  it moves fast, don't fight the urge!an ode to my neighborhood pizza place....

dear fox's pizza den:

you are two blocks away from my house, yet sometimes i am too lazy to come get your delectable food offerings.  you don't judge me.  you just bring your delicious treats right to my door.  

i love you for your regular pizza with my favorite doughy crust, real mushrooms and enough tomato sauce for all my saucy needs.  i also love you for your specialty white pizza.  i enjoy your white pizza for its mozzarella, tomato and spinach winning combination.  sometimes i'll even throw in our friend chicken to add in some much needed protein.  but most of all (and surprisingly) i love you for your "healthy" option, the taco salad.  fresh lettuce, tomato, onion, tortilla pieces, sour cream, taco flavored beef and salsa.  who am i kidding, you're not healthy at all....but i love you anyway!  

you make me feel good inside and that's what's most important!  

love always,

rachelthis is a really great neighborhood bar with above average bar food! they don't just have mozzarella sticks, but a mozzarella log! their burgers are tasty, nacho platter is delish and the fry platter is to die for! of course they have a full bar and a pretty good selection of beers, they even have blue moon on tap! the indoor area is pretty average with a dart board and jukebox but the outdoor area is really great! it's spacious and great for people watching in the summer and they cover it and put heat lamps out in the winter. there's also a big screen tv outdoors to watch the stillers or pens play.can i just point out that the original name is redbeards mountain resort and yacht club. as far as i saw there were no yachts to be found but i'd back up the resort part! minus any palm trees but maybe a fruity drink or two! 

love this place! i'm sure it's because this is my neighborhood watering/beering hole. great bar food, especially the mozzarella log, i kid you not on the name!) and delicious wings (hmmmm honey bbq!) i can't even describe the way the loaded fries taste, especially after midnight....

you know how bars surprise you and have some rando food item that's delish? they have awesome and i do mean awesome german potato salad that i have tried to replicate at home without any success! i also enjoy any bar that has blue moon on tap, because i feel like those can be few and far between. 

i can't say much for the inside but they have remodeled the outside area quite extensively. it's a great place to sit in the summer and in the winter they have a tent set up with heat lamps. and, they just recently added a fake fireplace for true ambiance. it's right next to the huge flat screen tv. romantic.... 

so maybe the waitresses are a little grumpy at times, i can deal for the food and beer. and let me tell you, places don't do well in pittsburgh if you can't get a special on something! they have a special every single night of the week, niiccce! i'm into that!ohhhh those frozen cosmo's! they pack a punch and by punch i mean you could really drink a couple and be faced down somewhere you don't remember being! so good! i was safe and stuck with one and a half (the half being my friends unfinished slightly melted one.) but i digress! 

i am so excited that this place is "back." it was formerly known as the shiloh inn and was closed for a couple months and taken over by the owners of the harris grill. it saddened me when the shiloh inn closed down because although i love me some redbeards, this was the only place to have a nice sit down dinner on this side of the mount. 

before, it kinda felt like a creepy old mansion rather than a hip restaurant. they've transformed it into a quaint and cozy little place! there was a warm !fireplace and it just felt very inviting inside, rather than the creepy before! i can't wait until they open up the deck outside because it's huge and a great place to sit and people watch in the summer! 

i was really trying to be good and get a salad (even though it had french fries and a bucket o' ranch on it) but i thought i would be doing myself a disservice, being that it was my "first time" there. i caved and found the most delish sounding eggplant noodleless lasagna. since i am a proud italian, i have to have my italian dishes a certain way. that means lots of sauce and lots of cheese! this came out perfectly! i only wish i could make eggplant this well at home (hence going elsewhere to get it!) it was many many thin layers of breaded eggplant with lots of sauce and spinach in between. the spinach factor, in my mind, evened out the mounds of mozzarella cheese loaded on top. the dish was huge and i'm not ashamed to say i...ate it all! 

i'm so glad this place is here in my neighborhood! i hope that it's successful enough to stay around for a long time! i know i'll be back, especially in the summer when i can sit on the porch with a dozen frozen cosmo's surrounding me!oh this place!  i wanted to like it, i really did! i had heard good things from a few friends.  i also felt guilty i hadn't been there since i lived so close to it!  me and a group of friend went there.  at the very beginning of the meal they pretty much tell you service will be very slow.  they weren't kidding! i assume that maybe just meant a long wait for food.  it wasn't just food we waited for though!  we waited for drinks, bread an even silverware!  the server was no where to be found at times.

i would have forgiven all this if my food was amazing but it was far from it!  i'm very judgmental of italian being that i am a proud italian myself!  i ordered past vodka.  it was not the creamy delish sauce i expected, it was runny tastelessness!  my friend tried the regular spaghetti and the sauce tasted like it was from a spaghetti-o can.  everyone agreed their meals left much to be desired.  again, i really wanted to like this place, but after a 3 1/2 hour overpriced unappetizing meal i could no longer like the place!you can now rent out the original studio's mr rogers neighborhood was shot in!  seriously, if you were searching for a unique venue for an event or wedding this is your place!  they've decorated it with twinkling lights behind a black screen so it gives it an intimate feel.  

so jealous i couldn't have snatched this up when i was getting married.  plus mr. rogers old castle and tree is on display in the lobby, which of course is a killer decoration!  i believe it holds 250 for a seated dinner and around 400 for a cocktail event/reception.  

i don't think the puppets would be suitable guests though, so find some real ones:)what to say about peter's pub... without potentially offending lauren c:)

i'd classify this as a dive bar in oakland.  whenever i'm at a bar in oakland i worry i'll be thee oldest person there.  thankfully, this doesn't happen at peters.  lost of different age brackets are hitting up this bar.  is it for the free popcorn?  who knows!

all i know are that the drinks are cheap and the dj is admittedly pretty awesome!  i've never eaten here before, but i can bet they have bar food.  i know, far stretched, right?

i've seen a lot of 21st birthday's stroll through here (of course) and you get to wear a fun viking hat.  i'd hit this up just for that...and potentially lie about my age just for a hat...i will always remember this restaurant fondly because it started my love affair of sweet potato fries.  they would mix the sweet and regular fries together and let me tell you, the regular fries were sorely neglected every time!  

funny thing is, this place is such a college-y hang out, but it's actually a really great place to grab food in oakland.  plus, the over 21 crowd can enjoy the great beer selections they have on tap here.  i love places with a wide selections of beers on tap!  for some reason beer just tastes so.much.better out of a tap!

all the wood grilled selections are fantastic! for apps....3 words: fire baked brie.  3 more words: to die for!  i've also always been a fan of the individual pizza's and the sierra grilled chicken salad for the lighter side (of me!).  the sammie's are also very good.  i'm always into a good portobello option, and the sandwich is fantastic with light balsamic drizzled on top.  

annnnnnnd bargain time for poor hungry college students and people who still act like poor hungry college students (maybe me).  it's half price food after 11 pm.  i may not have went to school in oakland, but we would stuff ourselves (literally sometimes 7 people) into one tiny car to have some late night bites.  seriously, there's a lot i do for food and being squished inside a car for a 10 minute drive is totally worth it here!i don't know if i should owe my friend for taking me here or be mad at him. i'm addicted now. addicted to bubble tea!!

can you believe i've never had it before? i've had thai iced tea, which i absolutely love, but never bubble tea. dear lord was i missing out! all this time... wasted.

i haven't even eaten here yet, but i'll be stopping back for their delicious tea. i ordered the coconut one, but i spied many many other flavors i wanted to try. there's even smoothies and milkshakes. i could spend months going through their drink menu alone.

maybe i'll even eat here next time... stay tuned!i've been here a couple times. one of those places i'd been waiting to wow me. i mean, maybe not wow me, but impress me enough to give them 4 stars to say; yay! i'm a fan! so, i've been in a couple times... oh wait, did i say that already? yeah... so....

it's okay. i had a caesar salad that was hearty, with a good amount of dressing and peppery enough. but it was just okay. i tried the fried portobello strips another time, while they were good, again, they were just okay. 

next time in, i had a soup and salad. same caesar salad, because again, it was a solid choice. i went for the seafood chowder, considering they're mainly a seafood joint. first off, i was expecting it to be the white new england clam chowder. maybe i should have checked first, but it was the broth based new york chowder. big chunks of fish, but it may have made it a little too fishy. ya know what i mean? again, it was okay. nothing to rock my seafood loving world. 

you know what's funny? i'd give it one more try for the oysters. i love me some oysters as of late and have been looking for the right opportunity to pop in. so oyster lovers, chime in here! any good? am i wasting my time? i wanna hear!

maybe this will joint will just end up being the only decent spot to have lunch meetings in station square. sad, but true, my friends!holy brunch buffet batman!

there's a difference between a place that has one long table of buffet choices that's mass produced and more than likely been sitting out for most of the morning and the grand concourse.  the grand concourse is just that, grand!

the grand concourse may have that one long table of buffet foods that have possibly been touched by little kid sticky hands but they have "create your own" food stands!  any place that offers me the chance to pile on the most scrumptious and fattening food toppings is a winner in my book!  stop by the make your own omelet or pancake or waffle or ice cream sundae (can you tell how excited i am about that) bar for your own sinful creation.  

and the place itself....just breathtaking!  you don't come across many places like this anymore.  it used to be the main train station into downtown pittsburgh and they've really done a fantastic job making it look as it did back in the day.  i swear to god i always want to act out the scene in the titanic where they're all sitting around the main dining room together talking all proper.  but then i remember i'm shoveling 30 pounds worth of pancakes in my mouth and that vision quickly dissolves!

*remember if you want to go for brunch make a reservation!  

bon voyage on your eating adventure!i know it's weird to write a review for a hotel in the same city you live in....a hotel you live about 10 minutes from....but i have had the pleasure of staying here once before and visiting the hotel for other reasons multiple times and it's always been a lovely time (say that with a proper british accent in your head!). 

many moons ago, when i worked for starbucks, i worked some shifts in the hotel.  i think i was convinced to pick up the shift on a promise that celebrities stay here when they're in town.  sadly, no celebrities visited during my short shift.  sniff, sniff.  but, it is nice to have a starbucks conveniently located in your hotel for that morning pick me up!

i feel as if this hotel actually packs a lot of amenities in with all the stores and quick services it has right inside the actual hotel.  you can pick up a coffee at the bucks, get your nails did at the salon or enjoy a pretty fabulous sunday brunch all a few steps away from each other!

i'm a huge fan of high teas and they offer a pretty great high tea service monday - saturday 2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.  it includes a great selection of teas and of course freshly baked scones with clotted cream (yum!), tea sandwiches and some little chocolates.  i would actually visit the hotel just for their tea service (hint: go for high tea sometime soon pittsburghers!).

i've also been to a couple gala's in the grand hall.  it has an old feel to it, very elegant and classy in a way most modern ballrooms (like a marriott or sheraton) don't offer.  i would highly suggest these ballrooms if you're looking for that kind of theme for a gala or if you're planning a wedding.  

if you're ever up around the hotel, i encourage you to just take a peak around.  maybe you'll be lucky enough to actually run into a celebrity!  then i'll really be jealous of you!!can i admit something?  

i'm really not a dive bar person.  i know, i know....it doesn't make sense!  i'm cheap, i love cheap drinks, and this is the mecca of cheap drink places.  i like to mix and mingle at bars, i like to drop it like it's hot.  if i dropped it like it's hot here i may get slapped.

i know this place is like thee dive bar spot in the burgh, but i was just...meh.  i think the fact that smoking is still allowed makes a huge difference for me.  i go home smelling like an ash tray and yearning for a dance party.  

the only draw for me is the wide selection of beers and the dirt cheap prices!  i just lean over the counter and stare at the huge beer refrigerator, scan my eyes over the bottles until the holy beer spirit hits me and i go....that one!  it's almost like my own personal beer tasting.

will i go back? probably.  will i like it?  with enough drinks...yes!the vastness of route 51 seems never ending when all you want is a beer! you've been stuck in traffic for the last hour and all you see is gas stations and a donino's pizza. in comes bobby's!

for a $2 16oz draft yeungling, you fulfilled my needs! the bartender was super friendly and you could tell that she definetely knew everyone's name there. one downfall, smokings allowed. but a $2 yuengling can make you forgive a lot...and perhaps forget a lot too;)this is one of the spots i feel lucky we have in the burgh! i mean, really lucky considering it shuttered its doors for a number of years and reopened semi-recently. 

you can't beat this fun of an environment. toss away the generic hofbrauhaus get to a pittsburgh legacy! i love the fun german beer hall feel with the large picnic size tables that just beckon you to sit down with an even larger brew!

i love german food, but there's a really good opportunity to screw it up. have you ever noticed a lot of the colors of german food blend together? sauerkraut, perogies, mashed taters (is that german? whatever!), they all look the same! so making them taste good is a must! i'm a big fan of the perogies - a buttery delicious mixture in a lovely little dumpling. while i'm not really a fan of their sauerkraut, it's too sweet for me, i know some people like it that way (i like mine a little on the sour side). throw in a pretzel with their beer cheese and some grilled kielbasa and i'm one happy german camper!

i'm a fan of their penn pilsner and a big big big fan of their special chocolate meltdown, which they debuted last valentines day. now i'm telling you right now, you get yourself to penn brewery as soon as that comes out this year!

the other thing that's awesome about this place is that they throw a ton of events. nevermind their month long oktoberfest, they host bands every couple weeks that jam out inside and out. speaking of which, they have a great outdoor courtyard for sitting with your fave brew! 

and to that i say, oh! oh! oh!if i could pour the whole pot of fondue into my mouth i would. fo real. 

in theory it sounds good. in real life i'll just drown any morsel of food i can into the chocolate and stuff it in! 

this is a special occasion restaurant. a special occasion where i have enough money to spare, because dear lord, it's pricey! 

the two greatest tips that they don't advertise: 

*half off on sundays from noon-3 pm. remember to mention this to your server! i learned that fact today when i got the shock of a full priced bill. i assumed they just took the discount off automatically, but apparently you have to tell your server as soon as you sit down that you want the half price meal. 

all big night out meals half price = awesome deal! 

*every day after 9 pm you can get cheese and chocolate fondue and a bottle of wine for $35. serves two. 

the big night out consists of your choice of cheese fondue (lots o' different choices of cheeses), salads (get the mushroom one), main dish (usually includes seafood and/or meat), veggies, potatoes and ravioli) and chocolate fondue (mmmmmm!!). 

you pick the type of broth for your main course. usually there's one that complements meat and one for seafood. you're also able to mix and match your chocolate ingredients or choose one from the menu. i lurrrve the s'more's chocolate, it includes choco, marshmallow and graham cracker bits. and, ohhhhhh, the things you dip in the chocolate. cheesecake, brownies, pound cake, rice crispies, marshmallows, banana's and strawberries. seriously orgasmic!! 

they usually switch up the menu often so you can come once every couple of months and find something new. i also love the atmosphere. it's a great date night place or good for a group outing. the nice thing is that if you go with a group, you can choose a bunch of different cheeses, broths and chocolate to sneak a taste of all of them. 

good thing for me that it is pricey. if it was cheap, i don't think i'd like what the scale had to say after monthly visits to this place!this place brings me back to my college days at point park where the cafeteria food sucked and this was a welcome haven from that.  almost gourmet....shall we say, compared to the slop served up at ppu.  

i feel like people can legitmately say there's a difference between tex mex and authentic mexican.  is there really an authentic chinese food?  is general tso a real person?  all these questions...irregardless....

i love this place!  i think the shrimp rolls deserve the highest rating with a nice crispy outside and crispy cabbage inside.  my go to meal choice of sweet n' sour chicken is always fab.  i love that they put enough sauce on (which is a lot, so beware if you don't like a lot) that i can mix it up in my oh so healthy white rice...cough cough.  and i love that they give you free tea and it's good!  i never use sweetener.  it's some sort of jasmine blend and i always enjoy going with people that don't drink a lot because i usually drink it all!

and for realz, how do you beat the lunch special?  a choice of egg roll or soup: fried rice, steamed rice or brown rice and tea for $7.50.  bam, full until....2...hours....later....but that's the joy of chinese.  and boy did it taste good going down!

best fortune i ever received was also from here: "life is better with a cat."  meow!you cannot beat the $9.99 lenten special!

fish sammie, potato pancakes, cole slaw and a fountain drink.  the fish sandwich was perfection.  came out nice and hot, like fresh and hot that it burnt my tongue in my excitement to eat it!  there were two generous pieces of fried fish between a fresh bun.  after my order, i heard someone order a wheat bun, so that's a good thing to know for future visits.  i'm very judgmental with my cole slaw... so i'd say it needed a bit more pepper, but it was a decent vinegar based slaw.  the potato pancakes were like mini home fry circles.  they were also fresh out of the fryer.  speaking of fry... that's not going to go down as my healthiest meal... but it was darn good!

the main difference i see here compared to wholey's is that it doesn't reek of fish.  wholey's is kinda gross.  this place is incredibly clean and well laid out.  you can order fresh fish as well as a plethora of different fresh salads (pasta, fish, chicken, potato, etc.) and sides.  it's definitely beat out wholey's in my opinion.  

i cannot believe i worked in the strip for 4 years and never came here.  it's a shame and don't let this happen to you!i was not expecting the look of modern cafe to be so... classic. it's pretty much a neighborhood bar. but i'd say it's a fairly good one for the north side.

it's way bigger than i thought it would be. a little lonely feeling for a lunchtime. out of so many sandwiches it was hard to choose, but i went for the reuben. i'd say they're a tricky beast to tackle. it was okay. not the best i've ever had, but certainly not the worst. i like mine loaded with sauerkraut, and this just had a decent size for someone who likes an even distribution. but not me, load it on! i was a little bummed the bread was a bit soggy. that's the worst, right?

i asked the dude for a suggestion on a side and he said try the coleslaw because he doesn't like mayo. but when it came out, there was no question, it was a mayo based slaw. i love mayo, so that was fine. not bad again. just okay.

i think this bar would be my jam if i lived on the north side. tons of beer on tap that i'd for sure want to tap into! maybe i'll treat myself to a happy hour there... let's be honest, he beer will come a'callin!can your dentist be your best friend?!

you'd be lucky to have them as a bestie because your teeth would always look amazing!  it doesn't matter, because now that i've found my new dentist (thanks yelp and alex w), i will have pretty teeth as well.  

the dentist was never a scary thing for me, i just got out of the habit of going.  my teeth felt gross and i got ashamed... so i kept pushing it off.  i spent enough time being lazy and having dirty teeth, so i turned to yelp.

as soon as you walk into the office you're greeted by the nicest man ever.  i believe he must be the assistant.  he greeted me and thanked me for coming even before i had my check-up.  it's in a beautiful victorian house on the north side, but all the equipment is state of the art.  

dr. dan was thorough, but i was mostly entertained by his colorful commentary on the food network and how much he loves chef lidia.  he also brought out his adorable new puppy for me to see.  seriously, i wanted a lifetime supply of toothbrushes and this puppy!  

i thought it was neat because he put my x-rays up on the tv for me to see and described what he saw (no cavities, whoop whoop!).  is it weird to say i can't wait until my 6 month check up?after seeing the movie "the birds" i never really had the desire to go to here because i thought somehow i would be attacked if i went there.  well, i had to face my fears when i had a meeting scheduled there!  i reluctantly went, but my mind was changed very  quickly!  we received a personal tour and it ended up being pretty cool!  

it's really awesome to be able to walk into a room with tons of colorful and interesting looking of birds flying around you.  i must admit, i did have to duck and run a couple of times for fear of getting pooped on!  but thankfully there were no close calls.  there's a really beautiful room with a pond and lots of birds literally walking around you.  of course, the best thing to see here are the penguins.  they're just so fun to watch waddling around!  you definitely need to go!the gateway clipper reminds me of so many fond memories!  i first came down to the burgh to attend point park university.  they used to schedule a welcome back party on the boat every year in august our first week in school.  the first time seeing the city from the river was so magical for me!  i think that's when i feel in love with it.  seriously, you can get the view from the highway, the tall buildings or even mt. washington, but this is a totally different perspective.  one you can get to by yourself.  i just love it!

i looked forward to that time on the boat every year!  it even put so much of an impression on me that i considered it for my wedding.  ultimately we decided to have our wedding in erie, but if we would have had it in pittsburgh, it would have been my first choice.  it's just such a unique way to experience the city!  

they usually sail a good way along each of the rivers so you get to take in every last part of the city.  i love being able to float past all the main hot spots of the city, especially the point and the stadiums.  and you can't beat that cool summer breeze coming from the top of the boat. 

i love that they offer a slew of different cruises, from the family ice cream sundays to the dinner and dancing cruises and everything in between, they pack that schedule full!  if you're visiting pittsburgh or have lived here for 50 years, you're missing out if you don't head on the clipper fleet for a visit or two!this is a really great zoo, but the aquarium is amazing! if you walk in from the top you're greeted by this beautiful looking australian seahorses that i could just stare at forever. then you'll head in and see a variety of fish and the largest fish tank you've ever seen. plus adorable penguins! 

the zoo part really is great as well. there always seems to be some baby animal, which is never a bad thing to look at! just remember, bring your hiking boots. it's built on hills that pittsburgh's famous for, so get ready to walk up and down some hills. don't let that deter you because it is a really great place to visit!i mean... it's good for what it is.  good in the fact that it's probably about the only place in station square you can chill out with friends and enjoy the waterfront for a bit.  that is, if you're willing to shell out $5-10 to park.  

i guess what i'm saying is... station square needs some help and bar louie kinda fits in with the whole chain-restaurant-tourist-trap appeal.  do they have good happy hour specials?  yes.  is it quality?  not really.  does it do the job?  yes.  

super sweet weak drinks and mediocre food.  check.  if you're a tourst, check out all the fantastic local restaurants we have and skip this joint!keep in mind i am not a garden aficionado by any means, so this review might not be very knowledgable. all i know is that i had a friendly worker help me pick out some flowers. and now they're planted in my garden and look lovely.

i went over to the vegetable side, which was slim pickings. the dude i asked about the veggies wasn't as friendly as the chick from the flowers. i guess flowers make people happier.

while i do think it was pretty expensive, i did buy perennials for my whole front facing garden. so now i won't have to bother with it again. 

i'd be interested to see whet their veggie selection was like earlier in the spring. oh we'll, always next year!i will never forget you delicious iced chai! so good. 

it's a fun and quirky coffee shop, that has delicious chai, what more can you ask for? maybe a dirty chai, with a shot of espresso?? and pumpkin rolls in june? i'm in! although i wasn't as into the roll as much as the chai, it's still a solid shop in my book.nothing says"welcome to vegas" quite like a casino set up inside the airport!  it seems like as soon as you get off the plane you're hit with the blinking lights and ding ding of the slot machines.  

but seriously, let's get to the important part.  free wifi!!!  do i need to say anymore about that?

the other important part, the food choices.  i hate when the only thing offered in an airport is fast food options or sit down restaurants.  i want a nice balance that's fast and not fried.  there weren't many of those choices, unless you wanted to grab a pre-made sandwich from one of those corner grab and go stations.  meh.  good thing was you can scrounge up something and at least there are options.  i've been to some airports were there's hardly anything in the terminal you're parking it at for 2 plus hours.  thee worst!

another plus, it's literally minutes from the strip.  being from a city (pittsburgh) that has an airport more than 20 minutes outside the city limits, that's a big plus!  i want to get to the party fast and leave all my "sins" quickly:)true story:  i went to kennywood, got potato patch fries and left.  no lie! 

i would have never done this if it wasn't for a couple factors.  one the fact that i had free tickets (hello, i'm cheap!) and two being that it was crazy busy!  like i had never seen it this busy ever!  i guess it was high school band night.  please, for the love of god, find out when it is every year and never go then!  it was swarming with smelly teens! 

so obviously potato patch fries can justify a long trip here! 

seriously though, it's really worth the trip and usually total traffic hassle (seriously, at least one bridge over to the park is closed every year!) to come here once or maybe twice a year!  i love the old amusement park feel.  you definitely don't get that from cedar point or a six flags. 

the good things to take away from those major parks is the major rides.  kennywood has that in the phantom's revenge!  i love me some roller coasters and this one is at the top of my list!  this is major, so listen up!  you go slooooowly up the first hill and whip down the first hill and up to the second one and you shoot down the second hill into a ravine and it's a mega drop.  it's so so so much fun! 

they also have a couple wooden roller coasters, my fav being the thunderbolt.  it's one of those classic ones that just jumps and whips you all around.  really, any ride that flings me around i'm into!  which brings me to my favorite spinny, make you maybe want to throw up in a good way ride....the aero 360!!  it swings you around 360 degrees (dah) and holds you suspended upside down for a couple seconds, every couple swings.  it's fantastic, but not for the weak stomachs out there! 

i have to admit, i do have to go back and try the new sky coaster. every time i tried to ride it the line was looooong.  i'm sorta impatient, especially when it's sweltering out, so that one was skipped last year.  hopefully since the hype is over it will be a shorter wait, or i'll just suffer for the thrill this time! 

so, potato fries gooood, rollar coaster real good!  just don't do them at the same time.  not good!  have fun!!i was just having a debate with a friend about good food versus bad service. do you go back to a place if it has lousy service but fantastic food? or in the is case, good food and a monstrous beer selection! 

so lets set the scene.  i'm waiting at the host stand and watching as people that looked as if they worked there whizz by. no acknowledgment, no "hey, we'll be with you in a sec." nothing, nada, zip. about 15 minutes went by ...finally, someone came up and sat us. so not a good way to start an eating and beerfest 

annnnd then our "less than interested in anything remotely serving related" server came up to us after about 10 minutes. i asked about the lager choices and he muttered something about not having any lager choices. no lager choices at a beer emporium? say what!? liar! 

i ended up choosing a beer he mumbled about that was a carmel something something beer. i wish i could have heard what the name was, but there was no way i was going to actually talk with our server. boo! 

our order took forever to come out, even though everyone ordered sandwiches. i was so ravished and probably a little buzzed by the time my food came that i inhaled it! i remember it being pretty good though, so that was the one plus! chicken and cranberry salad sandwich is a good choice!! the one thing that's funny is that when you have bad service, the check always magically appears, and fast! 

so i'd say in the great debate, even if the food is really good, what you remember at the end is the craptacular service and not the amazing food.

 restaurants beware, you don't mess with a hungry girl!you'll find the most unique museum experience here!  even if you're not a devote andy warhol fan you'll find something interesting and different to see.  they always offer special exhibits that stay for a couple months and then they have the mainstays that you'll be sure to recognize.  the most memorable room at the warhol has to be the silver clouds room.  that's all i'll say, because you have to check it out! remember that fridays are half price admission after 5 pm.with a beautiful new remodel it's totally necessary for an updated review! it's no surprise i love this museum. i love andy warhol, i love his work and i love that he's from pittsburgh!

they've remodeled the museum so that you start at the top with andy's earlier years and work down through his life and career. i don't know if somehow i missed it before, but i'd never seen many of the pictures and facts of his very early life and family growing up in pittsburgh. it was so cool to see him as a child and learn about his whole family. i truly loved reading about how much his parents supported his artist talents.

i also loved seeing more of his earlier works, when he was doing retail ads. i know i remember seeing some of this before at the museum, but maybe it wasn't as clearly marked and displayed as it is now.

of course there's still the classics, like the silver cloud room and the screen printed works that are a must see. i love the new lobby with the silver colors and replica of the couch from his factory days. great photo opp!

i like that the cafe is upstairs now, although it seems that they've cut down on options? but the gift shop is amazing! so much larger, with even more quirky selections. i'd come here just for the gift shop to buy a gift (or a little something for myself!). 

if you're visiting pittsburgh this museum is a must. although it is not for the faint of heart. keep in mind there is some not so g rated materials aka i once checked out a very scandalous special exhibit here! but it really is a crown jewel in our fair city and should be visited by tourists and locals alike!have you ever been served by someone who's drunk? well....i have.... 

i'm not talking about your drunk friend wobbling over to hand you a plate of food out of her kitchen. or the bartender who's drinking along with you. i'm talking about an actual server at a restaurant...for lunch. 

if i didn't find it so amusing i would have been so irritated. thankfully, it's just one of those times you're just a spectator in a funny comedy of errors. i've been served by this woman before, and it seems that she may be an owner or manager. someone who's obviously able to imbibe on the wine during work hours. oh, and she was definitely tipsy last time...this time....it was party time drunk! 

so drunky mcdrunkster kept forgetting to bring us our drinks, our water and our bread. she also messed up our orders by forgetting what they were and then running back to find out what we had asked for. then our orders came and both my friends "sangaweeches" where wrong. they were gracious enough to just eat them and not care. they agreed that they weren't bad, but they weren't t life changing either. everyone wants a life changing meal! 

i've been here once before for lunch as well and wasn't too impressed. i got the pasta vodka the first time and it was ok. not mind blowing...obviously how i like my pasta to be! 

this time i just ordered an anti pasta salad. i thought it was an interesting twist to add dried cranberries and walnuts with absolutely no cheese (boo!). the bread was actually really delish! that was probably my favorite part...well...other than the drunk server. 

the really surprising part about mcdrunkster is that the wine they sell is not good. they've started to make their own and it just tasted as if the ingredients didn't mesh like they should. i've meet a couple wine's i don't particularly like, but i've never meet a wine i can't even stand to sip. i'll take my cheap yellow tail if that's the case! 

so more power to you lady, if you can enjoy your job, with a bottle of wine included daily. i just don't think i'll be back to eat. maybe just spectate!i really can't believe i've never made it here! and i went on the worst possible time too, during the holidays! but the wait wasn't too too bad, even if it was out in the cold for about 15 minutes. totally worth it once you're warm inside and a hot plate of breakfast food is staring at you!

i'm going to do the thing you shouldn't do but everyone does, compare it to pamela's. i mean, it's one of the most popular breakfast spots in pittsburgh, how can i not!? and happily i'd say it was totally on par. would i say it's better? probably the same, but for different reasons. 

they looked to have a bigger menu than pamela's, serving hotcakes (what pamela's is famous for) and regular pancakes. although i'm a huge pancake fan and most of the options looked amazing, i really wanted a regular down home eggs, homefires, sausage and toast breakfast.

and with an expanded menu they have so many choices beyond the menu! when i asked for sausage she was like, patty, turkey, hot, veggie... the list went on! i had to hear them twice! my homefries were good, i added onion and pepper to the mix, i just wish they would have been a tad crispier. 

the place really does have it's own identity, with the red vinyl booths and memorabilia on the walls. service was friendly, but remember they are cash only!trust me when i say you need to go here! 

you need to go here for a couple different reasons. number one: the food is caribbean amazingness. number two: the happy hour specials are a great deal, half off most all drinks, including beers, wines and mixed drinks. you really can't beat that! number three: it's like you're on an island mon, so lots of funky art and furniture. the bar stools are little palm trees!

they have a great selection of south american wines and beers. they change up the beers to offer tasty seasonal brews on tap, so you're able to try new things pretty often. the food is also incredible! my favorites are the fish taco's, which has this delicious slaw mixture inside. also, the jerk chicken wings along with a cilantro dipping sauce is mouth watering. i love this sauce and always get a side of sweet potato fries to dip into the sauce! and the sweet potato fries! oh.my.gawd! so good! 

so if you're in the strip it's right off the beaten path on smallman st. and 20th. it's worth it for lunch, dinner, happy hour and even brunch on sundays. go! go! go!i was really worried coming here for brunch. it was like seeing a friend after a very long time. you're pretty sure you're still going to like them, but something could go terribly wrong and you'll be disappointed at the hope of a long lasting relationship. 

kaya is my go to joint for happy hour. hands down they have thee best happy hour in the city. i mean, half off everything! even shots (okay, things get a little crazy when you enter that into the equation). and, of course, if you're drinking it up you also have to get some nourishment. coming here so much, i've gone down the menu with my meals and not-a-one has let me down! all amazing... big shout out to the fish tacos.

i'd heard how good brunch was, but i really wanted it to live up to the normal kaya standard. you can see why i'd be nervous. if they ruined something as sacred as brunch, what would be left? maybe i'm being too dramatic, because you know i'd be back at that bar once it hit 5pm, but still... i was expecting a stellar meal. 

i'm happy to report, they delivered, and then some! there were a handful of items that stood out to me, but the salmon eggs benedict was the true winner. i believe the key item being corn bread instead of a biscuit. loved. it. every bite. the cornbread made the dish, but the hollandaise was a close second (you can't mess with a good sauce!). eggs were perfect and salmon was smokey. the side dishes held their own with juicy sweet sauteed pineapples and a spicy potato hash. i really wanted to lick my plate clean. 

they can do no wrong in my book. come for brunch, stay for lunch and exit after dinner. you'll probably want to throw up after a full day spent eating and drinking at kaya, but it will have been worth it, i swear!i mean, it's fishy, like real fishy in here.  not in the suspicious way...but in the way where the smell of fish engulfs you as soon as you hit the door!  you're coming here because you're serious about fish!

but not only will you find fresh fish here, but you'll also find really cheap fresh produce too!  i feel like that's a little known fact.  it may be a challenge if you're just going for the cheap produce and can't stand the smell of fish though...so bring the nose plugs.  

i love coming here in the summer when i want to grill out.  i stop in for the fresh tuna steak and shrimp.  this is the place to go to get big portions and half the cost of giant eagle, and you know it's going to be good and worth it!  

on the off months it's nice to come in to grab a nice fishy lunch (hello fish sammie!) or stop in for sushi at andy's sushi bar (see andy's sushi bar review!).  seriously, if you're a fish lover, you really must come in here!  you'll obviously be okay with the fish smell then...non-fish lovers beware.  don't say i didn't warn you!holy american sized meal! i mean, if you're looking for a hearty lunch, this is your jam!

i was between a burger and the tuna melt. all the burgers looked really good, but i thought i'd go with something a little lighter. um, lighter was not happening though, as i later found out! my plate came with a huge helping of tuna in between two slightly too small white pieces of bread and a massive mound of waffle fries. the tuna was okay, if not a little bland. there was cheese on the sandwich, i think, but i couldn't taste it with the mound of tuna that they plopped in between. the waffle fries were just the amount of crispy, but was so much that i barely made a dent on my plate.

i my have had a little brewski during lunch. but it's the their fault! the beer list looked too good to pass up. i had to indulge! i also hear rumors of a $10 bottle of wine night. i'd be into that if i lived/worked around this part of town.

so the moral of the story is, foods good but drinks rule here!my mouth is watering. for their gigantic burgers! for their homemade potato chips! for their parmesan wings! for the many many many beer selections on draft! they literally have a burger that's called the heart attack. be warned! 

this is just a great place on so many eating and drinking levels! i also enjoy the outdoor seating area during the summer so you can people watch on carson st! there's usually a wait most nights and on weekends but it never takes too long to get in. plus it's totally worth it!this is a gem in the midst of oakland! the ambiance is very quaint and warm. the most important thing though is that the food is delicious! the popular pad thai is the best i've had in the city. the thai ice tea is a must try for someone who enjoys something sweet. 

one of the most important things if you're located in oakland is that it's got to be a cheap meal, and it is!  i've been there many times and still always end up missing the front door at times because it's so inauspicious. just remember it's on the right of this one way street almost to forbes ave.i love primanti's! it doesn't matter whether it's noon or 4am, which it was for this visit to the flagship location.

what happens at 4am here? not really much. cops come in to get a sandwich. some drunks are eating at the bar, but not as much action, as i thought there would be. just good ole' sammiches topped with some of the most delicious fries you've ever tasted. just add a touch of vinegar and you're golden. 

moral of the story is, their sandwiches are delicious at any time of the day or night!the rooms are all suites, which is obviously saaaaweeet! except it can be super confusing to figure out exactly where to go to actually get to your room. there are two towers. apparently one is the new and one is the old.

we were in the old, but was able to check out the new because my parents were assigned there. while the new is brighter, a little more modern and located by the pool, i didn't mind our "older" suite.

the venetian isn't the most expensive on the strip, it's not the cheapest either, so i appreciated the nice rooms. i've stayed at the aria and planet hollywood (and one random awful time share property) this was probably the nicest. 

i loved having the living room set up with a large sectional, i did find a random frito in it, but i digress. it wasn't a dirty room. i loved the bathroom! super spacious, stand up shower and jacuzzi, which i thoroughly enjoyed one day. plus, extra bonus points for the make-up table and mirror. plus a separate room for the toilet. 

the good thing about staying in the "older" tower is you're an elevator ride away from the casino. can i rate the casino? eh, i'm not much of a gambler. but i did enjoy the coffee stand right outside the elevators and the gelato stand by the back entrance.

i experienced the pool only for an hour one day because we were here in november and i thought it was just too chilly to take a dip. but, the good thing is it's a heated pool! tons of seating and room in the pool. plus a large bar outside.

the one negative is that i found it to be on the farther end of the strip. while i thought it was a nice place, i probably wouldn't stay here again because of that. i like to be in the middle of everything. but it wasn't as far as say, the wynn. which is way too far for me.what can i say? it was cheap? it was centrally located? it was cheap?

you get the point... it was cheap. my girlfriend booked it for her bachelorette party and we were splitting it between 8 people. for 3 nights we paid around $130. cheap, i know. but was the cheapness worth it? i guess i'm trying to figure that out...

the rooms weren't bad by any means. it was clean. it was nice to have a kitchenette. especially the full size fridge, which held a lot of... drinks cold. i wish there was an option to get two double beds instead of a king bed with sofa pull out, but the pull out, which i slept on, wasn't too uncomfortable. 

but the catch? it's "connected" to the cosmo. but to get to the cosmo you literally have to go to an elevator, across a hallway, to another elevator, across the hallway to another elevator, through the laundry room... okay, i'm lying about that last part, but you get it, right? it's confusing. and far. we basically gave up and went out the main entrance of the jockey club and walked around to the main entrance of the cosmo.

we were also under the impression that we had access to all three of cosmo pools. you do not. you only have access to the pool on the 14th floor. that pool is also up an elevator, through a hallway, down a longer hallway and up another elevator. it's far. and the pool is small and overcrowded. there were absolutely no chairs available when we arrived at 10am (early for vegas standards!). the pool food menu is also incredibly limited, with not even a nacho platter on it! i'll admit, the gauc and chips were okay, but just okay. there is a small pool at the jockey club, but let's be honest, it was boring. no music, no food and no sunlight. what's the point??

would i stay here again? no. i'd pay a little more to be in a normal hotel. but to be clear, it was not dirty or uncomfortable. just inconvenient. and i'm not a gambler, so the pool is really important to me. i was not into the pool choice. to me, the best pool in vegas of the three places i've stayed, planet hollywood and aria, aria was the best by far. oh yeah, i may have snuck into the bellagio pool too, and that was nice, but very laid back (aka older crowd). why go to vegas and not break the rules a little, right?for my first review as official pittsburgh cm i'm going to tell you all a funny story...

i didn't attend pitt but i have been in this building a handful of times.  we (as in burghers) and pitt students are so lucky to have this beautiful historical landmark in our fair city.  as soon as you step in you're just blown away by the architecture of this place.  i appreciate modern buildings, but you just feel like there's so much history packed into these kinds of spaces.  

if you're a pittsburgher and haven't come to check the cathedral out, you really should take a walk around.  i'm sure if you're a pitt student you may feel as if you should set up a cot in one of the rooms you've been there so much.  either way, it's still pretty to look at!  even if you're daydreaming in class.

ok, now funny story time....

i was riding the mon incline back home one day and was stuck on it with some tourists (happens a lot in the summer).  this woman was pointing out landmarks for her friends/family.  she turned towards oakland and said, "that's the cathedral of learning."  she was pointing directly towards a radio tower.  i know i was rude, but i couldn't let her be so wrong.  so i said, "actually the cathedral is a little more to the right."  i wanted to say, "to the right of that radio tower" but i held myself back for fear of going over the edge of rudeness.  in my heart i just felt like she was doing a tour guide disservice to her captive audience.  i know i was probably just being rude.  

anyway, find a knowledgeable tour guide or pitt student and head over to the cathedral, it's better than a visit to a radio tower!can you believe i've never been here before?! crazy, right? great first experience too!

our server was the friendliest ever, so that was just the start. i ordered the veggie explosion salad and am happy to report it was exactly as advertised! i hate when you get a salad and the toppings are sparse. there were loads of veggies and i especially liked the grilled portobella mushrooms. i thought the balsamic dressing made it a winning combo.

i also ordered the tomato soup, which i believe is always on the menu. it was excellent. i love a nice creamy tomato, and it was just that. i was pleasantly surprised by what a nice lunch it was!this is a tea lovers paradise!  if only they would serve high tea and i'd be in wonderland!

they have a large and varied list of teas in every kind of flavor and kind (herbal, black, floral, oolong, red, etc.).  all their teas are loose leaf and you can buy it by the cup or the pot.  um, of course, i had to get it by the pot!  

they give you a tray full of the goods.  a pot with the loose leaf tea of your choosing, a little cup to dispose of your leaves, a mug (of course for the tea) and a hour glass timer for you to time out if you want it light, medium or bold.  i mean, how cute is that?  i almost thought the mad hatter was going to appear and we would toast to alice!  

i tried the pumpkin blend and it was delectably fall!  i love black teas because, as i am of english heritage, i must have milk in my tea.  it blended beautifully together.  i actually want to come in every day and try every single kind of black tea!  

they also offer other kinds of specialty drinks, like hot mulled caramel apple cider and mexican hot chocolate.  honestly, everything sounded delicious!  how could i ever stray from tea?  but with the look of the other drinks, i probably could once at least, for the sake of being fair!  

the ambiance is totally chill, lots of people on lap tops.  they have old books for you to read.  tables for groups or your computer and comfy chairs to sit and chat with a friend.  

for realz, i've come home!  tell the mad hatter i'll be there tomorrow!this place would probably be a haven for you if you enjoy smoking cigars. i, on the other hand, do not. sorry for you peeps who enjoy a little puff on the stogie. but if you're like me, and you want to chill out at a coffee shop, do work there or just run in to get your coffee - or in my case - tea fix, it's not the place for you. heck, even if you only run in, you run out smelling like you've smoked a thousand cigars, when you haven't even glanced at one in there.  

i went in once and it was enough for me to decide this wasn't the place for me. i couldn't even tell you what my tea was like because i knew i'd never be back. i'll hop down to 21st street coffee where it's more my speed. i could totally see someone loving this place if they were a cigar smoker.i love that women get in free! it's so sexist and yet, i'm glad to not pay that $30 or whatever the boys have to pay. i mean... whatevs. 

it was a thursday night, which in vegas i feel like means it was a saturday night. but it still wasn't too packed. at the door you can snag a free coupon or two for champagne, which i greedily took. 

then we snuck up to the balcony vip area and sat around an empty table where i think bottle service was supposed to be. but i think since it wasn't busy we weren't kicked out. plus, we were dancing our faces off, so it's not like we were just sitting there like bumps on a log looking bored. 

so all this basically means i didn't pay a dime when i was there. i know i could have drank and drank, it's vegas, but i was being cheap and it was kinda awesome.i agree with teresa t, love the environment but the food....it's just ok.  

i've been to this place on a couple different occasions and tried their lunch selections (sammies, salads, etc.) and i've always been underwhelmed.  the surprising thing is that people rave about it!  so when this place came up for brunch plans i decided to give it another try.  i had heard the brunch was the best part so i was cautiously optimistic.  

i hadn't been here in a while and what i will say is i love love love the renovations.  the bright red paint and the funky artwork really makes this place pop.  so bravo for whoever designed this.  i sat outside on the side of the building, which i never realized was there.  it was so cute and quaint.  i just really love everything about the atmosphere.  

i so wish i could say that about the food.  i love me some almonds and almond flavored meals, so i tried the almond french toast.  sadly, again i was underwhelmed.  when i imagine french toast i want a puffy thick piece of toast.  this came on a flat thin baguette.  not a fan.  it was drizzled in lemon sauce and had almonds and fruit sprinkled on top.  i could hardly taste the almond flavor over the lemon drizzle.  was almond extract even used in the egg mixture?  that's what i would have liked.  

i wouldn't be opposed to coming here but maybe i'll just pick up a chai latte and enjoy the great atmosphere instead of the food.  so the search is on for some slammin' almond french toast!burger quest continues.... 

i had heard a lot of good things about five guys. hearing good things about a fast food joint is always surprising. the final verdict. perhaps a slight notch up from mcd's or burger king. 

the fries were actually very good. i love crispy fries that haven't been sitting there for hours (or days??) and they were high on the crispy o' meter. plus the single helping was ginormous! enough for two people fo' sho'! 

on the burger side, meh. 

i ordered what i thought was a regular cheeseburger. thankfully the chick at the register told me their "regular" is actually a double patty. um, this truly is an influence of american culture super sizing. ok, i'm getting off my box now...i opted for the single patty, which was the little hamburger. 

little - normal portion. keep that in mind when ordering! 

the burger itself was ok. definitely not life changing. and believe me, i've had myself a life changing burger in the burgh! cough, cough....wingharts...cough, cough. 

so if mcdonald's and five guys were the last fast food restaurants on earth....i would go with five guys. not saying much, right?oh no!  who knew that who new would create a monster!  i so want everything!  i mean, at least everything in the fun mod section!  

this is a legit vintage store.  you know those places that claim to be vintage and then only have super ugly lame vintage no one wants?  this place carries loads and loads of really awesome vintage, all in really great condition too!  

there's a large amount of kitchen accessories.  i really fell in love with a white and red polka dot 21 piece "chocolate" set.  it's pretty much a tea or coffee set, but the owner explained to me it's from england and they used it for hot chocolate.  all i know is i just wanted it in my kitchen, asap! the price was around $120, which shocked me a bit, but i understand...it's vintage...we're not dealing with modern mod at target!

i also thought their selection of living room was amazing.  there were two really fabulous pieces worth mentioning.  a yellow love seat with white piping in great condition and a wooden den chair with teal cushions that looked very frank llyod wright without the square angles.  

i was surprised/happy to see some vintage clothing, purses, shoes and jewelry.  it was a small selection, but good quality, none the less.  there was also the many chotchkies laying around, some cool, like colored vases and others rando's, like weird looking figurines.  

the owner was incredibly friendly, and showed me around the different sections of the store and explaining different things to me by decade.  

i cannot wait to visit this store when i'm decorating a house, although i know i"ll have to space it out with the prices, it is a must on the list for unique vintage items!hold up, wait a minute....i promise i won't start rapping, but seriously peeps, i haven't reviewed this place?!  i feel like i'm doing myself and you all a disservice!

it makes me very sad that this is only a 3 star place at the moment because i really truly love it!  maybe it's the connection with my favorite smiley guy (mr. eat n' park himself) or maybe it's the fabulous brunch on sundays, but i love it!

of course, you can't come to this place without ordering the buffalo chicken (or lobster) mac n' cheese (unless you're there for brunch....ok...do it for brunch too!).  it's a plate of oohey gooey goodness touched by god himself i think!  i've had a couple other items worth mentioning, like the noodle salad and lamb chops.  but the mac n' cheese....blows it all away.

let's move on to my fav topic...brunch!!  probably at the top of my brunch list in the city.  sometimes i purposely have to make myself stay away.  why you ask?  because i always want to head right in and order the cheesecake stuffed french toast!  it's always topped with a seasonal fruit or sauce (like apples or gingerbread).  i've also had the eggs beni, which are fab in their own right, with fresh asparagus to top it off!  

they have a really fantastic rooftop deck that i just visited for the first time.  my first thought is to think....how many people can fit up here...because it would be a great place for a party or event.  but it was a bit tinier than i thought it would be.  great place to be downtown on a warm summer night though!  

but the best part of this place...they always have, out of this world, freshly baked bread!  i've had a different bread for dinner and different scones and breads for brunch and they have never disappointed.  this is thee best touch by far!  if they ever forget to bring it to you, remind them!!  believe me, i have, no shame in that game!a most unfortunate location doesn't seem to phase pittsburgh bbq much. they may be right off banksville road from downtown, but blink and you'll miss the turn. i honestly really believed for the longest time that the only way you could enter in is if you were coming from town! i just realized you can turn at the hotel and make your way along the gravel drive. not the most convenient, but if you want bbq, you find a way to get it!

since passing them day after day i was eager to try and i will say they did not disappoint. i like the idea that you can get a combo meal. so one meat and two sides, plus a drink. and it's a lot of food! i ate for two days after! i ordered up the brisket, which was tender. the baked beans, which had a mixture of beans in a tangy sauce and the cornbread. it was the gooood cornbread too. you know, the kind that's made with bits of corn in it. plus, they gave me a bun for the brisket to make a sammie. i liked the sauce too, it tasted strong of vinegar and wasn't very thick. 

my hubby, on the other hand, was not a fan of his meal at all. weird since mine was so good! i can't speak for the ribs, because i didn't try them, but i took a bite of his mac n' cheese and it was awful! it tasted very weird. i was really surprised considering bbq places usually do it up big with the mac. bummer.

i'd for sure go back, but maybe avoid the mac.i love "family style" japanese restaurants. even though "family style" may remind you of bucca di beppo, i assure you this is nothing like that!  

let's break it down for you... order a plethora of items and dig in! i love when you can trust a server to pick out the best items and just let them go for it!  we just told them a price point per person we wanted to stick with and off he went.  honestly, for $60 per person, we ended up with a lot of food.  i was a little nervous, considering japanese can get pricey, but by the end of the meal i could hardly finish the last dish (although i did:)

i think the marinade for each sashimi we got made each one, topped with the extremely fresh fish made those the stand outs of the evening for me. i thought they were all killer and would recommend any of these:

yellowtail jalapeno - garlic, cilantro, calamansi soy with a fried jalapeno to top
salmon wasabi - wasabi crme, lemon soy, crispy shallot, chives
fluke soy salt - chili oil, soy salt, citrus
kobe sashimi - a play on thinly sliced kobe beef, yumm-o!

we also ordered the cod bibb lettuce cups. i thought the contrast between the cool lettuce and fried cod was really good.  i know this wasn't a favorite of the table, but i really enjoyed it!

our last course was the sushi. the angry tuna roll was pretty amazing. i mean, deep fried sushi roll? who wouldn't love it! the seared albacore was good and so was the yellowtail, but angry tuna, the star of the show, for sushi at least. 

i would definitely recommend making a reservation before you get to vegas, but one thing i will note is that we came in around 7pm and the place was dead, so you may be able to squeeze in last minute.  ambiance is classy yet hip, so wear your hot cocktail dresses ladies and for dudes... something other than jeans and sneakers will do!whenever i come to a special place like this, i feel lucky we have it right in our fair city!  i may not be a botanist, but i do know that there's some purdy flowers and plants growing at phipps!  

i visited for the first time during the dale chihuly exhibit a couple years back.  it was so gorgeous.  i just love his work!  but going at night, it just shined!  literally, they knew the right spot and the right lighting to place these amazing pieces of art that made them pop among the plants.  i'm sure it was intentional to put this exhibit in the winter, so that you can have multiple bursts of color in the usually dull winter months.

going back, i'm glad to see that some of those chihuly pieces are still tucked into permanent display.  this winter's theme was the nutcracker.  they had christmas trees decorated as the specific dances/lands in the story.  it was a really cute idea.  the real beauty was the massive tree in the victoria room.  i love blue and silver, and this tree was decorated in that color theme.  it was incredible!  i also enjoy the orchid room.  it's really cool seeing the different types of orchids they have.  i also always think i'm in the garden scene in alice in wonderland, when the flowers are singing.  you too?  okay, maybe not, but it's a nice little scene for me to think about!

i've actually only been here in the winter months, but it actually makes me think i need to visit sometime in the spring/summer/fall.  i walked through the outdoor area with mostly dead shrubbery and flowers.  but you could tell with the landscaping that it has to be beautiful in the right season.  they also have a lot of different events going on throughout the year, like dinners in the botanical garden at night (which sounds really romantic and cool) and special rotating exhibits.  so go out and enjoy this unique place, just don't think you can pick up some free flowers, they probably frown on that!i feel like i just had a come to jesus moment with trader joe's.  my come to trader joe's moment has arrived!!!!

why have i been wasting all this time and money at giant eagle for so many years?  i know why... because it was easy and i was lazy.  does trader joe's have absolutely everything i need to pick up in one grocery trip?  no.  but did i save probably half of what i would have spent at ge?  yes!  seriously, i just kept walking down the aisles picking up my regular items (almond milk, grapefruit, chicken, turkey) and silently chanting screw giant eagle!  these items were so so cheap!

even things like the environment was different.  the workers seemed happy, which means it must be a pretty healthy work environment.  the people were nicer in the aisles, i swear to you!  the store also had a really great prepared foods section, which i'd heard rumors of, but will experience myself when i make my delicious polenta and veggies pre-made meal.  

i know i won't be able to completely avoid giant eagle for potentially hard to find items or perhaps something i need to run in and get if i'm close, but for a weekly grocery trip, i'm sold on you trader joes!another day, another happy hour! 

let's be honest, i like cheap drinks.  really, who doesn't?  i ordered a delish raspberry hoegaarden which came in a huge and very heavy goblet.  i really kept thinking of what excuses i would make when i accidentally dropped it.  which, if you know me, it wouldn't surprise you.  thankfully it didn't come to that and i decided it was my new pimp cup! 

we also ordered some buffalo chicken dip. if anyone knows anyone who's been to a house party, you know that's a big prerequisite.  this dip left a lot to be desired.  we kept trying to figure out what the weird taste was.  my friend was convinced it was spaghetti sauce.  that is like the ultimate sin to buffalo dip! it was then that it became clear to me why this is still a smoking bar... 

food sucks, so this is why it's still a smoking bar.  this brings me to that one super duper big negative in my book.   i wish they'd just make all bars in the burgh nonsmoking.  i hate coming home smelling like i personally smoked a pack..  just thinking of it grosses me out! 

when my check came and it was in still in the single dollar range i was a very happy girl!  the service was good and the atmosphere is actually pretty cool.  it used to be a bank so it looks tiny from the front but it's actually a lot bigger once you're inside.  on the south side you've really got to work hard to make your spot a destination in the plethora of other bars.  i say, so so....it's been a really long time since i've visited the brillobox. therefor, i felt like i needed another visit to justify a review. i have heard the mixed reviews about the food and environment for a while, but considering i had only hung out in the upstairs for a dj set long long ago, i really wanted to try the food.

we bellied up to the bar and grabbed a delicious seasonal brew, great lakes red ale... they have a mega list of brews that makes me happy! but it makes me extra happy to see seasonal brews on the list as well! 

what i do remember was how delicious my grilled cheese and tomato soup was! it wasn't just your plain old grilled cheese... it was a delicious gourmet treat! ooey gooey gouda cheese, tomato and caramelized onions. yumm-o! i was in cheesy heaven! i wasn't sure about the tomato soup because it had fennel in it. i'm not a big fan of fennel, but the more and more i kept digging in, the more i liked it! it was the perfect accent to the already delicious meal!

of course there's your requisite judgmental hipster crowd, but i ignored it and enjoyed my amazing meal and tasty beer. the hipsters can have their ultra dive bars, but i want to share this one!even though this place had three stars (and three $ signs, which made my cheap side a little worried) i still had heard a lot of good word of mouth, so i wanted to try it out.  

i went about this dining process by rating it as the action started.  our server walks up to us and asks if we had ever been there.  his response was great, telling us all about the farm to table experience they try to create there.  he was extremely helpful in picking out our drinks, lyeth meritage for me...at $14 a glass...yikes.  but it was really light and refreshing for a red wine.  my friend got a gin and tonic, the gin being infused with cucumber deliciousness (i assure you, i tried it a couple times).  we're 5 stars at this point folks.

we both decided on the tasting menu since everything looked good.  $35 for three courses is pricey for me, but i was splurgin' here (dah, $14 wine).  to start i choose the wild mushroom flatbread.  now bear in mind, i thought the tasting menu portions would be, well, tasting size.  it was regular appetizer size, you know, for like two people.  i ate almost all of it....other than the piece i shared with my friend.  it was that good.  porto mushrooms, pesto and feta cheese.  yum!  still 5 stars people.

i was torn between a the healthy sonoma salad and the pecan crusted haluomi.  since my friend is generous, she said she'd get the cheese and give me a piece.  win win!  the salad was good but the haluomi...holy crap!  it was amazing!  i cannot believe it's served as a whole meal.  it comes with potatoes and broccoli, but i would need something else.  even though cheese does fill lots of voids in my life.  

at this point we've downgraded the score to 3 stars because our second course came out an hour after our first course was served.  the server came by only once to say our courses would be close together (because we were going to a show and in a rush at this point).  he never came by to ask if i wanted another glass of wine (a no, but still).  or just to tell us the kitchen was running slow tonight, etc.  i would have taken any excuse.  but there was nothing.     

final course was the crispy indonesian glazed duck.  don't get me wrong, it was very good and crispy, but i thought the glaze overpowered it enough where i felt like i was eating at a chinese restaurant....where my meal would have been $8.  

regardless of the wait times i still thought the meal was solid, if not a tad overpriced.  would i go back?  yes.  would i soon or frequently?  probably not.  the mystery of the 3 star rating has been solved.  

sonoma grill, get on your game, you could be a 5 star!i could live here! i could live here if they would also feed me 24/7....wouldn't that be livin' the dream? 

i can't even get to the food before i tell you how amazing it is inside! it has that cool urban loft feel. i love the outdoor seating. i love the huge garage door that opens up the entire restaurant. i love the upstairs intimate dining area. i love the bar area. i love love love it all! 

remember to keep an open mind and an open wallet, because you'll need it! 

first off, cocktails....hello! i ordered the summer strawberry and my friend ordered the leven-ade. we were so confused because the waitress set them down in front of us and i had the yellow colored drink and she had the pink colored drink. we thought she had mixed them up.  but she hadn't.  i swear mine tasted more lemonadie and tart and my friends tasted more fruity. so to solve that issue, we switched! and all was right in the world again.... 

i had heard over and over again that the portions were incredibly small. so with that being said, and not wanting to be a cheapskate by ordering only an app, i ordered the asparagus salad. the portion was big to my surprise...and utter joy. score one! the asparagus was fresh and crisp with balsamic drizzle and pieces of thinly sliced pork (properly called lomo...which i totally had to look up the meaning of, don't worry!) and parmesan. perfection! 

i ordered the tuna because i can rarely resist tuna if it's on the menu. it was perfectly cooked....or uncooked. there's really no other way to order tuna then to order it rare. go rare or go home! it was fantastic! it really out shined the mixture of rice below.  i also really liked the slight green olive taste in the dish. score two!  my friend got the hanger steak rare as well and it was equal in amazingness.  i, of course, had to try it!   i'm a fillet girl all the way, but the way the steak was cooked made the flavor just right! 

so we left, empty wallets but full bellies. and i'm totally ok with that!the oysters were okay. not bad. but is it weird to complain about their shape? i'm no oyster connoisseur but i've had my fair share. these had some odd shapes. shapes that were a bit hard to eat. like mutated large ones that were hard to take down. this sounds weird...

am i being an oyster snob? maybe. probably. and they were kinda small. were they good? yeah... but they weren't the best i've had either. 

if you're looking for the bar, it's gonna be in the middle of the casino to the left as you walk in from the strip. nice thing is you can take a break from "all that money you're winning" to down some oysters. that i'm okay with!it's been a really really long time since i've been here. i almost forgot about the place. it may have actually been one of my first (or second) thai places i tried. although i believe first time may be spice island. irregardless...

i was uneasy considering a lot of my friends had only rated it three stars. but the thing is, i was pleasantly surprised! their lunch menu is super simple. one sheet with about 15ish dishes all for $6.95 and you get soup or an egg roll (they call it spring roll, but i always consider spring rolls not fried, and this definitely hit the fryer). 

i've been branching out more in my thai adventures, so i went with the green curry. all along i was thinking i'm not a fan of curry when, turns out, i'm a big fan of curry! i'd go so bold as to say i love it now! you know why, because it was delicious here and i love coconut anything. 

you may not get a lot in that small pot, but at the end, you're satisfied. i had large veggies like broccoli and beans with shrimp i added in. around 4 or 5 shrimp did the job, as well as a bowl of rice on the side. i loved everything about it. the sauce was creamy and coconut-ty, with just the right spice (around a 4, i'd say. i'm a lightweight). 

what a deal, right? i'm so excited to go back. especially considering my friends meal, the spicy noodles with tofu, was also incredibly flavorful and delicious. you've definitely won me over thai me up... i'm just sad it took me so long to come back!hot diggity dog these are darn good hot dogs!

i am ashamed at not coming here much sooner!  but in my lame defense, it's tucked away in in the back of trinity cathedral.  all tiny and unassuming.  even when you first walk into the "church" doors, you have to ask yourself, am i coming here to confess some sins or eat some sinfully delicious dogs?

after reading through the many reviews on here i decided to opt for the "healthy" locavore dog.  it's awesome they carry this particular dog because it's made local and doesn't have all those little mystery ingrediants that our other little dog friend has.  as soon as i read banana peppers i was sold on the chicago imposter gourmet dog.  it also comes with a whole pick, relish, tomatoes and celery salt.  it was really a great dog, although i still had to add ketchup, because we are in fact deeply in love, to the point where i have to add it to anything burger, dog, fry related.  

i was sad to find out they were out of their slaw because i'm a huge fan of the slaw, when made right.  i opted to get the greek salad instead.  good for me they were out of the slaw because the greek salad was killer!  i had to ask if it was made in house and it in fact is made by one of the chefs there.  it comes highly suggested!  i had to carefully inspect the salad so i could figure out how to make it at home.  artichokes, cucumbers, banana peppers, orange peppers, onion, tomatoes and olive oil....amazingness!  to be completely honest, i don't think i'd have been disappointed by any of the sides because i had to steal a taste of my friends baked beans and they were also stellar!  

mega plus, they carry boyle's soda!  i love me some diet cream soda (i know...diet + hot dog = defeats the purpose).  and, they give you a fun little gummy hot dog treat.  so freakin' cute!

totally cheap option for anyone working/lunching or visiting dahntahn pixburgh!  then you can head into the church and tell god how thankful you are he created hot dogs.  amen!the theme feels a little lost on me, considering i thought it was kinda dirty inside. 

but the weird thing is, once you make your way past the grimy floor, the small dance floor with three people dancing and a creepy back hallway, there's a really cool outdoor patio (we'll call it a patio, but it's more like an open space). this is where house music is playing, they're serving beer out of an old motorhome and the hipsters are hovered together clutching their pbr. 

there was also a video screen projecting weird images that i thought would be cool if they played old movies or something (they may, not sure). this is where i'd want to hang out for a chill, warm night out. just for people watching alone! there was some preppy white dude doing some weird form of breakdancing in a v-neck argyle sweater. what is this alternate universe? who knows, but it was intriguing!poor pirates. poor poor pirates. good thing they have an awesome stadium to enjoy seeing another team win in! i know, i know, it sounds so mean. i want them to be good. i really do! maybe the sports gods just don't allow your city to have 3 winning teams! that's at least what i tell myself as i enjoy my nachos with all the fixin's and a cold one! 

this stadium is seriously so awesome though! it helps that it's built with the beautiful city skyline in the backdrop. it also helps that you never have to leave hungry. there's tons of food options! they have the regular ball park food like hot dogs and burgers and popcorn oh my! but you say you want primanti brothers or rita's? you've got it! you could literally go to the park for a nice $8 food tour! 

it sometimes pays to have a sucky team because they do tons of promotions to try to drag people into the park. they have dollar night where it's only a buck to get into the park and dollar hot dogs, pop and popcorn. just be warned you may have a wait for your food, but seriously, you can't beat a dolla, holla! plus, they have giveaways almost every night. who doesn't want a pirates snuggie!? 

since tickets are given away like water, you usually can score free tickets from someone's aunt's, sisters, brothers, uncle.. i"ve even gotten into the suites a couple times.  but that's usually because someone knows someone who knows someone, you know?  

aaaaaand, the main event during the evening.  the pierogie race of course!  if you've never been there, it's a sight to see.  giant pierogies, racing.  i always root for jalapeo hannah because she's the only chick and she's running with a purse.  that's hard!  it's probably the only real time i pay attention to the "game."  

so seriously, cheap tickets as little as $8, a fun giveaway and some beer. go.....pirates? gooooo pnc park!!no lie, i'm pretty sure i tried on the whole store today!  i am so sorry sales chick who had to put back my 20 rejected outfits.  but out of those 20 prospects came at least one shinning star!  a cute lace sheer tunic which i will befriend all summer long! 

thank gawd for my groupon to this place.  i had been putting off going here because i knew i'd have to cough up the mola!  sadly, i'm not going to be digging out of a discount bin to find $4.99 deals.  the most important thing to remember is i'm going to find some really fantastic and unique clothing choices at this boutique.  i'm really in love with some of the brands they carry like bb dakota, jack and necessary objects.  i know these articles of clothing won't be falling apart after one wash cycle like perhaps forever may (i can't hate too much, i still shop there!). 

once i got started, i was on a role!  i had my lovely little lace number and i was ready to check out and then i just had to lookover at the accessories.  this has been a great danger to me as of late because i've been known to drop obscene amounts of time and money obsessing over the dangly black earrings or the gold hoop earrings.  so....i just end up buying them all! 

i love bang for your buck, so it was nice to see the sale selections had some really fabu deals!  i just wish the sales girl was a little more peppy. she was nice, don't get me wrong, but when i asked her opinion on some earrings, she just shrugged her shoulders and said, i don't know. you're a salesperson, work it! 

i was happy to hear they get new merch in every day, so start getting peppy sales girls, because you'll be seeing me....a lot!oh reuben...oh rachel.... 

what's going on here?! 

nothing...just makin sweet sweet love to my sammies! 

for reals though, so freakin' good!  the reuben's are packed full of delicious roast beef, sauerkraut and just enough thousand island dressing to top off this amazing sandwich.  i always feel slightly guilty when ordering this because i know that big time calories are involved, but whilst spending a magical moment eating it, the calorie count just floats away! 

and my namesake (really...maybe??) the rachel is equally as magical with the turkey and coleslaw! 

i haven't even gotten to the sides yet!  of course the coleslaw is fantastic (dah, reuben magic!) and being an incredibly stern judge on potato salads, this one passes the test with flying colors...er...seasonings!  potato's aren't too mushy, good amount of mayo and the right seasonings. 

i can't forget the chili!  i had a couple weeks in the winter where i'd stop in every week and grab some.  it's really fantastic!  i love thick chili with a melted layer of cheddar cheese on top.  just thinking about it makes me all warm inside! 

the only thing i'm not into is the prices.  it's no cheap deli.  more like a gourmet deli, if there is a such a thing.  i think i just add on the gourmet to justify the prices!  if the food was crappy, i would think twice.  the food saves them on the price end! 

keep the good food train rollin and add on one of their enormous chocolate chip cookies or brownies. they're obviously freshly baked and totally worth the splurge.  i mean, hey, calorie smalorie!this was a surprise for old vegas. a surprise because it almost felt like it didn't belong. it was insanely cool inside. i loved the feel. very dark, intimate and inviting. a place that's good to take a date or sit with your girlfriends and gab. this is not a place if you're looking to party. 

i say that because their drink menu isn't bad. but the surprising part is the beers aren't too pricey either. it's really the perfect evening starter. so grab a drink, sit by the fire or grab a cozy corner area and relax. or relax before you get the party started!it's taken me way too long to get here!  especially with all the rave reviews.  so naturally, you'd have to ask after that statement, did it live up to the hype?  absolutely!

if not for the popularity, you'd never know it was here!  it's amidst a cute little row of houses.  when you walk inside it gives you a homey feel, since it's so tiny inside.  but the food packs a huge punch!

it's hard to chose what part of the day you should come here based on how great everything sounded from the reviews.  since brunch wins me over most of the time, i chose that.  good thing i was not disappointed in the least!

i love me a prix fixe meal because it offers a lot of options.  the prices for these are $19 and $23 depending on what you pick.  i chose the eggs benedict, potato strudel and mimosa.  first off, the mimosa was slammin'!  they don't give you a dinky champagne glass, they serve it in a wine glass.  total win!  speaking of large and in charge, the loaf of bread my eggs and canadian bacon sat atop was huge!  it was delish and most definitely fresh. the eggs were a fluffy-ness i've never experienced before and the hollandaise sauce was light and abundant.  i need lots of sauce and it included enough for dipping.

the potato strudel was equally as yummy.  it's made with parmesan sauce that is actually making my mouth water as i type this.  this should for sure be your side dish pic.  although, i'm sure the other ones are winners as well!  

i will note that we didn't have to wait for a table at all, which probably had something to do with particular sports team playing at the same time, our win though!  our server was incredibly friendly and helped make suggestions on different food items.  the meals came out super fast too.  i was really amazed at how smoothly everything was!  

we kept glancing over at other people's dishes ogling what their choices were.  i wouldn't say it was food jealousy, because ours was equally as fab, but everything that came out of the kitchen just looked so darn good!  of course, i absolutely want to come back and try the mussels.  i will not wait too long again...see you there soon!i'm into places with great outdoor seating. i think it's because i like to people watch/spy on people.  it always makes the dining experience more enjoyable!  

it also doesn't hurt that there's a delish brunch offered on saturdays and sundays from 10 - 2.  i struggle to find a good eggs benedict besides my beloved perkins eggs benny!  they have two versions to choose from, and let me tell you my friend, go with the double wide benedict!  fried eggs, bacon,  spinach, and corn bread!!   winning!  and what makes a brunch even better....a boozy one!  the peach bellini hit the spot!

what's also great is they have a ton of events like trivia and karaoke nights.  surprisingly, there are few places in the burgh to get your roake on, so this is a welcome addition!

i'll be back to eat and spy on people this summer!!i can tell a clothing boutique has a great selection when it's ultra tiny, yet i always manage to aquire a crap load of clothes to try on!

this place has the cutest most unique selection of shoes but also surprisingly has some great up and coming indie designer clothing!  i love a store that has a nice dress selection, and this place definitely does!  they also have a great selection of coats.  since it's cold for about 10 months out of the year here, you must get a "hot" coat to wear!  they've got quite the selection of coats and cold weather gear like gloves, hats and scarves.  

it also pleases me and my wallet to see a good size sale rack.  i know i'm getting quality shoes and clothes here, but it is a little pricey at times.  i know that's to be expected for a boutiqe and it doesn't bother me too much considering i still go there!  i just carefully select from my pile of clothes and shoes!

i also found some killer miz moose boots here!  it was love at first sight as soon as i saw the line of bottons going up the side of them.   they seemed as if they were straight out of a jane austen novel.  minus the 4 inch heels.  killer!  love them, plus i know they'll last!  

i also know it's a great place when i have to force myself to stay away when the wallet is feelin a little tight.  don't fear, i'll be back as soon as i get paid!i just experienced a case of very bad food envy!

you know what that means?  when the person across from you (the hubby in this instance) orders something that ends up being way more amazing than your own meal.  hence the end result being food envy!

i ordered the lobster cake cobb salad and hubby ordered the chicken salad croissant.  don't get me wrong, my meal was good but his, by far, blew away the competition.  the lobster cake itself was really fantastic.  i think i made a mistake by mushing it up too fast into my salad because i didn't get to really taste it once everything was mixed in.  the salad toppings of tomatoes, bacon, blue cheese, cheddar cheese, hard boiled egg and avocado was a lot compared to the spinach.  i feel as if you should always have a good balance of ingredients and spinach.  overall i'd give my salad a 3 1/2 starts.

now to give you some background info on hubby...hardly anything impresses him.  i may think something is amazing and it's just ok to him.  actually, his scale goes from ok to bad.  so for him to say that this was "pretty tasty" was mind blowing!  of course i had to take a bite and, sure enough, it was amazing!  the chicken salad was mixed with sun dried tomato, bacon, currants, pecans, lettuce and tomato.  i think the sun dried tomato and bacon really brought out the whole taste.  just incredible!  

i'm excited to go back and try their dinner options because i really think this is a stellar restaurant.  when i'm back for lunch, you can be sure i'll be getting the chicken salad croissant.  i'd maybe even make whoever is my dining partner to get that as well!  i wouldn't wish food envy on anyone...that's just cruel!i'm going to make a bold statement and say this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh. why? because it's always consistently excellent.

my only experience had been for lunch, but i finally made it to dinner and i have to say, what took me so long?? it was incredible. 

i ordered "what they're know for" (as the waitress said), the chilean seabass. another bold statement, it may be one of the best dishes i've ever had! it was so light and fluffy, but packed with flavor. mainly because the horseradish glaze was out of control good. add on a delicious mix of slaw and rice and it was the perfect dish.

please, city folks, do not poo poo coming out to the south hills! it's so worth the annoying ride up west liberty, promise!!i picked this restaurant specifically for two reasons. one is because i felt this would be a "people pleaser" in terms of a solid steakhouse for a larger group. the other because it was a three dollar sign joint. i realize steakhouses can get pricey, so i wanted to find something that wasn't going to break the bank, but still be "fine dinning." 

the service is very good, i'll note right away. but please be wary, our server was a totally up-seller. she knew exactly what she was doing.... "oh, if you're going to get a couple glasses of wine, get a bottle" or "what appetizers can i start you with" almost as soon as we sat down. i kinda feel like they're probably all trained that way. not necessarily annoying, but be wary!

also, the food is all a la carte. so you'll get up there in price with what you order. we had a table of 8 and ordered 4 different sides and they were all gone by the end of dinner. but it was the perfect amount. the good: garlic roasted spinach, the lyonnaise, and my fave grilled tomatoes (wonderfully red tomatoes with pesto and melted mozzarella on top aka yum!). the okay: broccolini. 

i ordered a special, which was filet mignon with crab on top. i really wanted both the filet and crab, and the regular menu listed large pieces of both for much more. this was the perfect amount for $36. plus asparagus! it was cooked to a perfect medium rare and very flavorful. the crab was fantastic and i almost wished there was more. maybe a bit more, but the portion was good still. 

best part is they brought the birthday boy, my dad, a free brownie sundae! all in all, a really excellent meal. ended up being perfect for what i was looking for!a little bummed.  i expected more from this place.  it's been around forever and one of those places you've heard is solid.  one of those places i was embarrassed i hadn't tried yet because it's been around for so long!

i've been on a greek food kick lately so i was craving some grape leaves.  recently i've had some really awful grape leaves at the arts fest (i know, what was i thinking!) and some really awesome ones at another festival that has a strong greek heritage in the community.  i like chilled grape leaves that are tightly wound.  the grape leaves here are loosely wound and a tad on the  mushy side.  the really awful ones i had were super mushy and unedible.  these were still good, had an okay lemon flavor, but they were served warm and i felt like they may not have been marinated long enough.  not impressed

i also ordered the tabbouli which had way too much parsley and not enough of the goodstuff... onions and tomatoes.  it also said it came with fresh warm pita bread.  i did not get that pita bread.  which brings me to my next point...

the server was miserable.  from start to finish i knew she did not want to be there.  serving to me is fakin' it til you make it!  you gotta work for that tip... i mean, if you're a server you usually have to have some kind of personality, right?  even if she did, it was not her day.  i think that's why i did not get my pita bread.  

honestly, not having the best experience, i don't know if i'd be back.this may come as a shocker to you, but when i'm in vegas, i also want to relax.  i mean, i am taking some sort of vacation.  and since i don't gamble my relaxation comes in the form of a pool.  so imagine my disappointment upon entry into what they call the pool area...

bleck.  it was just so sparse.  lots of concrete.  not inviting or visually pleasing in the least.  if you're lucky enough to grab one of only about 20 chairs by the pool good for you!  the pool, which ironically is called "the pleasure pool" is anything but pleasurable in my opinion.  plus, to top it off, the actual pool is frigid!  i'm positive it wasn't heated and even though it was 80 degrees out, i probably could have caught hypothermia if i stayed in there longer than a minute.  

they also have to be losing tons of money on the pool bar.  the service is just awful.  there's three bars in the area but only one was open.  the line was always 20ish people deep and took forever.  if you were lucky enough to find a server they'd take at least a half an hour to get you your drink.  it was not a pleasurable pool experience!

i will say the rooms are nice.  the bed was comfy and the bathroom was ginormous!  there was a great soaking tub and a stand up shower.  i do wish there were ledges in the shower because shaving was pretty difficult.  they also have a separate potty room, which is always helpful if you happen to be a bathroom hog (or staying with a bathroom hog)!  

every room has a themed movie poster and props.  ours was some random sylvester stallone movie we'd never heard of called daylight.  i assume the better rooms or suites have cooler memorabilia, but it wasn't anything i'd dock stars for... although i may add more stars if i had a paul rudd room!  

i'm not much of a gambler, so the casino doesn't do much for me (i know, i'm in vegas and i don't gamble, i'm a weirdo!).  i feel like each casino comes with a different vibe to it and this one gets a younger crowd for sure.  i still don't like that you can smoke in the casino and you can definitely tell their ventilator system wasn't the best.  

so since i'm not a gambler, i come to shop, see shows and eat!  one of the main reasons i picked the hotel was because it was attached to the miracle mile mall!  it's a great mall with affordable shopping (not like the crystals mall across the street with mega high end stores).  there's also a plethora of restaurants attached to the hotel that are decent.  

just a little side note, peep show is in this hotel.  we saw it last time we were in vegas (kinda inspired us to stay here!) and it was an amazing time!  although i wouldn't recommend staying here because of the show, it's worth it to stop in and walk through if you're going to the show.  

we stayed at aria the last go round in vegas and i'd definitely stay there over ph again just for the pool alone!sadly, another case of bad service happened again!  and all i really wanted to do was enjoy my furry watching!

furry what, you say?  the annual anthrocon aka furry convention that happens every june at the david l lawrence convention center.  people dress up, in costume....as animals.  enough said.

so to take in the primal action i had my sights set on a front row furry watching table near the window.  we sat down and our server came around to ask for our drink order.  we weren't sure what we wanted, so we said we needed a sec.  after about 15 minutes we're looking around for him and he's nowhere to be found.  finally, he reappears and says he has a family emergency and someone else would be taking over.  fair enough.  

so we order our meals from the new chick.  i got the coconut chicken salad which actually turned out to be decent!  nice and crisp coconut exterior and moist chicken inside.  there was a good amount of chicken but i think i would have preferred a little more lettuce and veggies.  i just felt as if the salad needed a touch more.  but the most important part, the chicken, was great!

so we get ready to pay, there's 8 of us, and we're not allowed to get split checks because they want to include gratuity.  i've worked as a waitress before, so i'm understanding on whatever they need to do.  obviously it does get a little confusing on both ends when you have 8 people paying at once with different cards and cash.  

we set aside a $20 from someones payment inside the payment sleeve.  she came back, exchanged payment from someone else, fiddled with the payment sleeve and left.  somehow, that $20 in the payment sleeve disappeared.  we thought she must have accidentally put the $20 with her other tips, that's the only place it would have went because it wasn't on the floor.  we checked multiple times.  only way it would have disappeared was when she was collecting money.  again, i know how it is collecting a billion different forms of payment, so these things easily happened.  

in the end she told us she would just put in one of the orders as a "walk out," which was nice of her.  but when we asked if she could add up all her checks for the day to see if she had the extra money, she wouldn't do it.  it obviously worked out for us because we didn't have to pay extra and perhaps for her too because she's potentially got $20 extra bucks now!

plus, we had some prime furry watching action, so i can't complain too much!!furry watching 2011 concluded at tonic....it was a fun time had by all....furries and humans alike.

i was the same as mel u.  i had been past this place a couple times and never thought to go in.  i think it may be because it's on the "outskirts" of town and a section i really don't go to often.  

first off i'll say i love the outdoor seating area!  it was a front row seat to all the furry watching action going on outside the westin and convention center.  plus let's face it, it's always great to have outdoor seating!  

since they're known for their martini's i had to indulge!  i ordered the cosmo-tonic because for some reason i've been really into cosmo's lately.  with all tini's, you really have to have the right mixture.  i hate when there's too much cranberry or even too much vodka (gasp, i know!).    this was a perfect mix i'm glad to report!  nice job shake masters!  i also tried my friends lemon drop martini, holy bejebus, it was way too sweet for me!  i'll stick to my other options out there!

i would like to try the dinner options now and have the full experience here.  but i'd say so far so boozy good!furry watch 2013 happened here. seems to be a trend to come here during furry week for me. i think next time i'll go to sonoma grille and spend the extra $$ for friendly service and good food. 

this was actually the first time i had eaten here. i had heard the rumors of great sweet potato fries. those rumors proved to be true. they were really great. sweet with a touch of spicy. and whatever that honey sauce they served with it... i practically liked it clean. and stole my friends container of it too. 

but the rest of the experience, not so great. i ordered a veggie wrap as well and it was pitiful. pretty much spinach with a few red peppers tossed in the mix and a dollop of hummus. it was very bland and really in sad shape. 

our server was also not very happy with us towards the end. i will tell you exactly what happened so as not to confuse the situation. was it busy? yes. was she friendly up until the check issue? yes. do i understand how things work because i've been a server before? yes!

so the problem... there were 5 of us ladies who, of course, did not have much cash with us. she told us at first the system "couldn't process" more than 3 cards and cash payment split between us. she left us to figure things out. she comes back and we asked her if we could pay with 2 cards and cash, and she said no, their policy is that during conventions or busy times, they just don't split bills or payment. a little bit conflicting? yes. she also told us the policy is on the menu. now i cannot attest to whether it is or not, but i would be curious to know. 

now i understand that in some instances places prefer you to pay in cash in a larger group, but usually they will tell you that at the beginning of the meal. this did not happen. i guess what i'm trying to say was that there were holes to the story. whether it is restaurant policy or not, i just don't think it was communicated properly. she was clearly frustrated with us and it was a bit of a frustrating situation. 

i could be persuaded to come back for the sweet potato fries, but i'm coming with cash next time, lesson learned!this is a great place to go downtown for happy hour, dinner or a night out.  the food is served tapa's style so you're able to try an assortment of dishes.  the best drink by far is called a caipirinha.  it's brazil's version of a margarita.  try to say that three times fast!  

the environment inside can only be described by on word, colorful!  they also have outdoor seating in the summer, so you can get your people watching on!  it's a great way to kick back after a long day!  just remember if you are going there for some appetizers or dinner your bill can run up quickly!  i did that once and probably spent a weeks worth of grocery money in one night!  was it smart, no.  was it worth it, yes!you know what's funny. the more i think about it, the more i like this place. the more i want to come back and try new and creative items i've never had before. because frankly, it's like nothing i've ever had. 

i had absolutely no idea what to order, so i let my friend be my guide!\. we ordered the combination platter for 2, which was $28. seriously, for the amount of food you get, it's quite a steal! we picked the inguday wat (mushrooms), kay sir dinich (potatoes and beets), one of the chicken dishes (i don't remember, sorry!) and the lamb! why all caps? because it was that good! i mean seriously, some of the best and most flavorful lamb i've ever had!

and to top it off, everything is piled on top of injera, which is the ethiopian version of bread. it's delicious and as large as a big pizza pie. plus you get a little extra rolled up on the side. i probably could eaten the whole piece of injera, sans meat or veggies and been happy. 

i'd say the mushrooms were a close second to the lamb, with the beets being a bit underwhelming, especially with my love of beets. i don't normally like chicken, so i think that clouded my judgement... and the lamb was all i could think of.

it's byob, which is always a plus! so remember to come hungry so you can devour some good food. especially the lamb!!people, the reviews don't lie, this place isn't good...it's amazing!!

from start to finish i had a perfect experience here.  the ambiance is so romantical and intimate.  i felt like i was on a dreamy date, with two other good girlfriends (although, side note, it would be a a great date night spot for your lova!).  

first off my drink was awesome!  for only having a bar for 2 or so months in the new location, they've got it goin' on!  i had the papa dob, which had mt gay eclipse rum, maraschino liqueur, grapefruit and lime.  i love grapefruit juice, but only the bitter tasting kind....not the sugary sweet kind.  this had the right amount of grapefruit, not too sweet, with a hint of lime...i was in love!  

i started off with a beet salad.  i am forever criticizing restaurants for skimping on the beets.  i buy them, i know they're not an expensive veggie, spare me some large slices....or even, gasp, the whole beet!  what i got may have been one or maybe two beets.  it was the perfect size beet salad, with delicious creamy goat cheese, candied walnuts and a hint of oil.  perfecto!

for the main course i had the lobster ravioli.  it was a hard decision with all the amazing looking choices, but a soon as i dug in, i knew it was the right decision!  it was incredible!  tons of lobster stuffed into 4 large ravioli in a wonderfully light reduction sauce.  that bowl may look small, but it really fills you up!  i love me some super sized american food...but this was thee perfect amount!  

my dates and i decided to just go all the way and get dessert as well, since again, they all looked so good.  i ordered the gingerbread with pears and whipped cream.  it was warm, cinnamon-y and delish!  with warm pears and a fluffy dollop of whipped cream to top it off.  great end to a fantastic meal!

the service was also excellent from start to finish.  the server was incredibly knowledgeable about the food choices and described very item perfectly (and convincingly since i wanted every item!).  this place will definitely be put on my fav "fine dining" restaurants in the burgh.  it's a little pricey, but worth every dollar!i know it might be super lame to write another 5 star update... but in my defense it's been 2 years since i wrote my last review here and they're now serving lunch!!

you heard it here first (maybe not first), their lunch is a matching 5 stars to their dinner. and butterjoint. and pretty much anything they do! but the thing that impressed me, maybe most, is when a place is packed during lunch! and, it's not as if they're in a really busy area of oakland. people want to come here. they know what's up! 

let's face it, lunch can be the most boring meal of the day, i'd eat eggs and toast and a meatloaf for dinner and love them all. but lunch, yuck. i hate it. 

i don't hate it when i have lunch here! the tomato soup? so delicious! my yellowtail tuna melt. incredible! i think the bread underneath may have been brioche and it was incredible. i also liked that it was open faced so i could eat it with a fork. scrumptious! and you get a side of potato salad! all for $15. that's a steal!

i could come here everyday for lunch. then my afternoons would never be boring!i am so into their pancakes! i'm usually not into crepe style pancakes. i enjoy them light and fluffy, not crispy at all. don't give me crappy pancakes people, i will complain! but this pancake...it is beyond any other pancake i've ever had. it beats out a fluffy one any day! 

i think the reason is because i don't choose the regular old pancakes. i order the chocolate chip banana pancakes. totally healthy, i know! it's two deliciously crispy crepe pancakes folded like a taco stuffed with chocolate chips, banana's and....and whip cream! best pancake taco i've ever had! 

it's really tough for me to stray from anything but those when i come here because usually when i walk into the door my mouth starts walking for the pan-cakey goodness. i have tried the omelets before and they are also great options, loaded with whatever ingredients you choose. 

if you're going on a weekend keep in mind you will have a very long wait! all the pamela locations are tiny, and demand is high for the saturday morning after the party hangover cure crowd or after the clapping hands at the house of g.o.d. sunday crowd. 

so listen to everything i just said and get yo' self a pancake!i visited here for the umpteenth time the other morning and i must say, it's legit. you know those places that have been around forever and ever and just give up? this is absolutely not one of them. no wonder president obama digs them!

i am a mad hotcake fan here, as the banana chocolate chip are my all time favorite. trying to be "good" i opted for a spinach and feta omelet. i realized there really was no being good, it was bad, but in the best possible way. follow me?

i mean, i always love the sweet stuff rather than the savory for breakfast, so omelet's are fairly boring to me. but this omelet was seriously so tasty. the spinach was incredibly flavorful and the feta was the same. great distribution. the eggs were crisp, but buttery. not too buttery, but buttery enough that i knew this was no healthy option. oh well, it was delicious! i threw caution to the wind...

on top of that it comes with two pieces of wheat toast and incredible lyonnaise
potatoes, which i savored every. single. bite. of. i usually love crispy hashbrowns, but that isn't even a thought after biting into these taters. 

if you have a chance, avoid the weekend crowd, take a day off and enjoy a leisurely breakfast here during the week. it's definitely not half as crowded as it usually is. you actually just seat yourself! so treat yo'self with a cheat day soon.am i at bucca di bepo? seriously, that's what i questioned during our meal here. in traditional italian american fashion, the portions are ginormous. and by ginormous i mean a whole family of four could eat off these portions. this doesn't even include the salad you get with your meal. 

i wish i knew that before we ordered the fried zucchini. it's okay though. i've never had such lightly battered, yet crisp fried zuc in my life. they were thinly sliced pieces of deliciousness. you can still easily split the pile of zuc they give you between four people. 

for an entre i was craving eggplant parm. what i got was two massively cut pieces of what looked like lasagna. i believe the make up was as follows: eggplant, cheese, eggplant, cheese and more cheese. whatever, it was really tasty. throw in a decent sauce and perfectly cooked ziti noodles, and i'm sold.

family style rules here, and that's okay with me, and my need for leftovers.oh buckhead. i want to like you, i really do. with all your tacky decorations and your $2 yuengling special. but the thing is, the bands you bring in are so so so awful! like "hey, we're from detroit and we're here to rock you." then they try to play a train song. i just couldn't take it. the dj isn't so bad, i enjoy that they play a mix of current music and 90's rap. i never get sad when i hear a little sir mix a lot and biggie. 

i think the most disturbing thing of all is seeing an old man, and i mean like grandpa at the bar old, pouring shots into young girls mouths. i felt disturbed watching this happen, yet i couldn't look away! where did this man come from? who was he associated with? there were so many questions... 

aside from that, i'm surprised there was such a large crowd in the middle of january on the coldest night of the year. the crowd was very mixed! i saw everything from 21st birthday celebrations to cougars out on the prowl. i'd say if you took the band away i'd be able to rate this a 4 star, but you're gonna have to just settle for 3.i always envision heaven being a little bit never ending cookie, cake and sundae bar.  this place comes close to that! 

the cupcakes are so moist and fluffy! plus they're packed with a ton of flavor!  i have had the mango passion fruit, dulce de leche, coconut, chocolate fudge. and seriously...every.single.one was fantastic!  i don't even like chocolate cake that much, but that fudge icing was to die for!  the icing is butter cream, but not the the thick version, it's the light and fluffy kind.  if you're like me, an icing expert, you know the different kinds of icing out there. 

obviously i'm pretty excited about this place since i'm writing in mostly all caps!  the store is very simple, but cute. it's great because you can order in bulk and walk out or stop in for a nice treat after one of the great restaurants around the area.  if you don't go, you'll be cheating yourself out of a little piece of heaven, i swear!i really would have bought the whole store if i could have!

this is the epitome of me!  i love the pin-up girl style and i think it has to do with suiting my body type.  every single dress i tried on fit me perfectly, the style just flatters my body type.  that made it that much harder to choose!

the great thing about this place is it doesn't matter whether you're petite or plus size, they have the whole range of sizes.  most of the options are dresses, which is just fine with me.  the girlier the better!  they did have a decent selection of skirts and cute little crinolines (in an array of different colors) to put underneath.  

the staff was also very nice and helpful, plus they looked the part with cute pin up charm.  i know it's dumb, but i enjoy seeing the sale staff looking the part.  

although two of the dresses were a bit more than i'd like to pay, i justify it by being "timeless" and something i'll wear for a very long time.  the third dress i got was a cute little summer dress i felt was fairly priced that will fit nicely into my fun summer wardrobe.  well, let's be honest, all of the pieces will fit nicely in my closet!first thing that comes to mind is that they have a killer happy hour special for food.  and by killer i mean it's dirt cheap!  you can get a regular sized burger and fries for $2.95.  you can't get a better deal than that!  i don't know about you guys, but i go to happy hour to eat and drink!  it's dinner time...and i get hangry (hungry + angry) so food must be consumed.  

you can also get an array of apps for only $1.95 like crab cakes, spinach dip, fish taco's, etc.  there's also "fancier" apps for about $5 like mahi cakes, mussels and pierogies (um, what?  ok!).  they're probably a good serving for one person, but for that price you can order a couple for the table.  

the drink specials aren't that great on the other end of things, definitely not dirt cheap like the food.  they're from $4-7 dollars for beers, wine and the fancier drinks.  meh.

if you're dining in for dinner, the food isn't bad, but nothing too memorable.  i've had the ahi tuna, which is good, but not as fresh tasting, and cooked a little more than i'd prefer.  the sushi is also just kinda meh, again, just not as fresh tasting as some of the local joints we have around.  

i'll just stick to stuffing my face on the cheap for happy hour!poor people. the darn pen's are on strike and the whole place is like a ghost town! 

considering i never come up this way, i wasn't even aware it existed. what lured us here really was a promise of complimentary breakfast buffet. if there's the word complimentary and buffet in a sentence, i'm there!

so this buffet to the untrained eye is fully loaded. made to order omelets, french toast, waffles, cut grapefruit, many many kinds of pastries, yogurt and granola. etc, etc, etc. so, to sum it up, a crap load of food!

so as mass amounts of food are produced, i feel that the quality of food goes down. the eggs were dry, the home fries weren't as crispy as they should be and the grapefruit, not so fresh. i did, however, enjoy the french toast and pastries. they were both fresh and delicious. ironic that the worst things for you were the best. of course! 

service was nice, if not a touch slow, you know when it's so slow in a restaurant that service is slow? would i seek this place out again? no. but for another free buffet. heck yes!i've been finding myself here more often to stop in for my iced chai and work a bit in between meetings in the strip.  

i'm always amazed by how knowledgeable the staff is about the coffee they brew.  that being said after eavesdropping on a couple counter convos with patrons.  as a former batista, i feel it's necessary to be a brew expert, considering people have become such coffee snobs as of late.

the staff has always been incredibly friendly, even when i try to butt into their staff gossip sessions.  i can't help it, i feel like one of them still!

the only complaint i would have is that they don't carry skim milk.  the chai is still good with 2% but i can't help but feel a little guilty not keeping it on the skinny side.  

if you're hanging out for a bit go on upstairs, they have a cute little sitting area you can have your own gossip sesh in!i have to update my review because of the new joy i've found in their mocha's.  if you know me, you'll know i love my tea very much!  i'm not really into coffee or espresso.  21st coffee kinda made me want to try something different.  

their options are slim, but the day i tried their mocha changed everything!  i hate the mocha at starbucks because i don't like the powder they use.  it's just gross to me.  but 21st street has a secret... that i'm letting out of the bag!

they use chocolate milk!!  chocolate milk!!!  i need to get a hold of myself...

i love chocolate milk and sometimes i'll secretly eye it up at the supermarket and wish i had a child at home for the sole purpose of buying it and then drinking it myself!  plus, for some reason, it's the only way i'll drink milk that's not skim.  this special concoction just makes it taste amazing!  

i've had it in the hot and cold forms, and i tend to like it better hot.  but it's still good cold, don't get me wrong!  you've gotta go here and try one, you'll be hooked.  secret's out!!!i can't believe i've reviewed this place twice already! but i feel like it's time to just drop in and say that their new space is incredible! if you ever visited the old space, you know it was a cramped mess. i mean mess in the nicest possible way. it was "cozy.." let's just stick with that.

the issue was, it wasn't very conducive to work in. i wanted it to be, i could tell they wanted it to be, but it didn't quite work. the downstairs had a small bar, but it was right in front of the counter, so you couldn't sit there and work or have a convo easily.

the upstairs had only a couple tables and maybe one decent outlet. but the outlet was on the ceiling. yep, i kid you not. and it was so loose that i was sure i'd shock myself at some point (i did not, thank god). 

so, i head to the shop one day and it's closed. no sign saying anything. i was suddenly sad. my cozy little shop was gone! i end up going to kaya a couple weeks later and realize they've just moved in next door a block from their old joint! i was so excited to visit!

when i first walked in i was just amazed at how huge it is! it's massive! tons of space downstairs and a cute little loft area further back. it's all dark wood which keeps the cozy feel, despite being 5 times the size.

oh, and the coffee and tea? still the same. nothing really new to report. i go for the tea, and although they don't have an extensive tea list, i respect the craft and do like that i don't have to add any sugar to my black tea. just a spot o' milk (which they've never yelled at me for asking for!). sometimes, i'll treat myself to that glorious mocha (made with chocolate milk!). 

if you haven't stopped in yet, go! now you have a place for meetings and plenty of outlets that won't kill you.charming! you could use that word and nothing else to review this place.  charming location nestled between all the frick buildings in the beautiful wooded frick park.  charming inside cafe with few tables and homey atmosphere.  charming sandwich?  okay, maybe we'll omit charming for that, but i'm charmed to say the least!

i came in literally on the tail end of brunch (what i was supposed to be coming for... that's what you get for being late!).  you know what though?  it's okay.  a temporary setback considering my chicken and cranberry salad sandwich was amazing!  it made me forget the delicious bite of french toast i had from my dining mate (seriously, next stop french toast town!).  on chiabatta bread, it was the right amount of mayo, cranberries, chicken and walnuts.  gosh, it was incredible!  considering the sandwich was so good the pasta salad that came with it didn't hold a candle to it.  pretty bland and i left half eaten.  

i ordered the chocolate mousse for dessert, considering the dessert case looked so inviting!  it fell flat as well.  do you remember those ice creams that you got in the elementary school cafeteria that came between the cardboard?  it kinda tasted like that.  the only thing that made it was the cherries and sauce that adorned it.  that made it!  i wouldn't order it again though.  i'll stick to carton ice cream!

surprised i still gave it 4 stars?  me too!  but it earned it with the setting, friendly service and dream inducing chicken sandwich!  i cannot wait to come here for high tea!  i can't imagine it's going to let me down, i honestly imagine it'll earn that fifth star!  onward my friends!let me set the scene for you.... 

here it is pouring out. you walk in drenched. you sit at one of those old school checkered booths. depressing indie music is playing in the background. regulars are greeted by the bartender and served up their usual drink. i felt like i was in an indie movie! 

so in real time, the place has cheap happy hour deals! $2 yuenglings and $4 mixed concoctions. yesterday was the presbyterian. it was a mix of bourbon, ginger ale and soda water. not my cup of tea....but maybe someones...perhaps?? 

the grand jewel of the place is the mac n' cheese. i kept hearing these tales of the most delicious mac n' cheese you will ever feast on. of course i had to get it! when it came out it looked like the real deal homemade version! slightly burnt top layer of cheesy goodness. inside a gooey noodly mixture of cheese, with a strong pepper flavoring. i believe when there was no more noodles to be found, there may have been some bowl licking. for real, that good! 

it was sad but kinda funny because a family of four came in with some small children. they wanted to come because they had heard the 
mac n' cheese was so good. well, it's considered a straight bar so they weren't allowed in with children under 18. the mom was like, i called earlier, it's the kids birthday! too bad....they may have had to settle for some easy mac!i can only speak to their brownies, but what i can say is that you would never ever know they are gluten free! they're ooey, they're gooey and they're goooood! i wish i could say they were also "healthy" but hey, we can't have it all!

i don't need to be gluten free but i will happily come in and try any and all sweets from them! good to know that they also make pre-packaged mixes you can take home to make on your own. 

you know those sweets you've had that are gluten free and you can totally tell something is missing? don't worry, that will not happen here! you'll never miss it!

it's a tiny little storefront, but it's got a ton of flavor packed in it!this place. i cannot stop talking about it. i want to go to there. all. the. time!

it's such an incredible time! of course if i lived around town, i don't know if i could afford it! at $39 for a "cool pass" entrance it is not cheap. but was it worth it? totally! the cool pass gets you access to everything except for the white water rafting. 

so what can you do? well, really, what can't you do! we went zip lining over the white waters, kayaking in the river and went through the rope course. the zip lining is awesome because it's fairly long and high up, but not scary high (for me at least). 

the kayaking is super relaxing. it's really just a push off the dock and you're free to kayak wherever. they also offer paddle boarding, which i haven't done, but seems a little more strenuous. i wanted to chillax a bit, so the kayaking was perfect! 

so... the rope course. i imagined the rope course to be walking across rope bridges. my imagination was totally wrong! it's hard! i kept screamiing "i'm too old for this!" you're strapped into a harnas, so i felt safe, per say, but it's still totally terrifying. i barely got across the first one and thought, i cannot do anymore, but you're pretty much stuck doing the rest after that. the point of no return! so i whined, and sweat and complained my way through the course. would i do it again? not sure, but if you're up for the challenge, it's worth it. just remember, it is not leisurely like kayaking! 

so did i sometimes look over longingly at the white water rafting? yes, but i really assume i'll be back when i visit charlotte and i'll be shelling out the extra dough for a pass to try it out!there's two sides to station square.  it's almost like jekyll and hyde. during the day it's all sunshine and puppy dogs with families running around to the various restaurants and shops inside the "mall.". then when it turns dark the creatures of the night come out to freak nasty at da club! 

there's no denying it's a total tourist trap during the day.  you're definitely not going to get a unique pittsburgh dinning experience considering all of the restaurants are chains. i'm not gonna lie, i've visited most of them so i can't hate too much.  you've got bucca's, joe's crabshack, melting pot...although i do have a soft spot for that place....mmmm choco fondue.

the "mall" part is....just....weird.  there's a rando mix of country bumpkin craft stores, a toy store and about a million trillion steelers sports stores.  i put "mall" in quotations because a long long time ago it used to have legit shopping.  now it's just...a wasteland.  it's one of those places that has so much potential, but doesn't quite cut it.  i'm sighing right now, van you tell? 

when i think of station square, i think of the down and dirty club zone. of course it's like any normal club areas.  there's not one club that's been there more than a couple years.  a lot of them turn over to the next one.  different theme, same bump and grind.

i was partial to matrix, but sadly it closed.  i think i knew it was the end of an era when my shoes starting sticking to the floors!  now if i go down there i usually go to buckheads.  it's a pretty casual bar/club that features a rotation of bar band and dj.  the bands are always a crap shoot.  sometimes i'm impressed with a rando 80's band, but sometimes a poor attempt at a train song can make my ears bleed a little! 

one thing you can be assured is t's always a great place to see the pittsburgh creepers come out to play!  please keep a look out for pittsburgh pete.  you can find him breakin it down in the middle of the dance floor wearing his fashionable home made shirt that reads "pittsburgh pete, stop hatin'."  you can't get much better than that!i had been looking forward to coming back here for a while. i remember it being delicious, but that's about it. if my memory served me right, i'd be in italian food heaven!

the ambiance is uber romantical. it's very dimly lit. almost so much that i really wanted to use my cell phone light to see the menu. i didn't want to seem 80 years old, so i sucked it up and squinted. i almost felt bad having a ladies night out instead of being with my lover, er husband, for this romantic affair. better to be a ladies night and stuff your face though:)

we ordered up a bottle of malbec to split for around $40. wasn't my fave malbec i will note, but i had no problem taking it down! we ordered the melanzane grigliate con mozzarella di bufala (which i had to copy and paste from the website or there would be no way i could spell that correctly!). it was grilled eggplant, buffalo mozzarella and basil drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. the eggplant was thinly sliced and cooked perfectly. i think it's really easy to mess it up, but they perfected it, between the eggplant and creamy mozz.

for dinner i had the tagliatelle ai funghi which was tagliatelle (a thicker noodle pasta) with portobello, shiitake and cremini mushrooms in extra virgin and garlic. spinach, basil and parmiggiano reggiano. for $15 it was a good size portion. i enjoy al dente pasta, but it was maybe just a smidge too al dente for me. i thought the dish was good, don't get me wrong. it had flavor, but it wasn't bursting with flavor. it was solid, but i guess i was expecting it to blow me away. 

the chocolate bread pudding was delicious. it came out all ooey and gooey and just scrumptious. the added cherry syrup was just the "icing" on the cake aka pudding. a great end to a great meal!

that's why i think i'll go back, get a different dish and still have a good experience. maybe i'm too optimistic, but i still think this is a fantastic restaurant and maybe i had a miss on the main dish. believe me, i don't mind taste testing pasta!i felt very fancy schmany being in here for lunch.  you definitely receive the the same fancy schmancy service you'd expect too.  i was just very impressed with the whole experience from beginning to end.

trying to stay on the healthy side, i was a little nervous about going to a steak house.  don't get me wrong, i love me some filet mignon.  and maybe another time, some filet will be had... but for now i had to stay on the safe side.  

the soup of the day was lobster bisque.  darnnit! i love lobster bisque!  that was a hard one to avoid.  so... i ordered that and kept the rest of the meal light.  the lobster bisque was awesome!  a tomato base with a huge piece of lobster in the bottom.  nice surprise!

for the main course i ordered the scallops in lemon sauce instead of butter and sauteed greens.  it was a fantastic choice because it tasted yummy and was on the healthy side.  the scallops were a great size, seared and cooked perfectly, with a light lemon sauce.  the greens were also served in the lemon sauce, which made them equally as delicious and flavorful.  

i had one tiny tiny bite of their creme brulee cheese cake and it was to. die. for!  seriously, if you're going for dessert, any choice is probably going to be a good one considering the choices i heard that day!  

i must say again, the service was stellar.  from start to finish everything was taken care of.  the servers were extremely friendly too, and seriously seemed like they enjoyed their job and the food there.  

so if you're looking for a fancy schmancy night out with stellar service and food, this is your place!eat unique.  the name totally threw me off.  for some reason i had it in my head that this would be sorta like a health food deli.  and you ask...why did you think that rachel?  usually because i just make my mind up that that's what it's going to be.  totally solid reasoning, right!?

what i was excited about where the alternative food sub options.  i ordered a taco salad and instead of beef chili i ordered turkey chili.  that, in my head, was healthy.  in reality i don't think a heaping portion of gauc, sour cream and cheese added up to zero calories.  let's also consider the fact that for a moment i thought i had ordered just a nacho platter because the ratio of nacho chips vs lettuce was about 20 chips to 1 piece of lettuce.  don't get me wrong...it was really really good...but it was a nacho platter.  

and you know what...i am totally ok with that!  eat unique folks!oh. my. gawd!  (this is said in the chris farley snl skit voice)  from the service to the atmosphere to the food, this place is well worth the highest possible 5 star rating!!

as the reigning pancake queen (how did i get this title? i made it up!) i decided that i would do myself an injustice for not eating pancakes here.  let me tell you, i was not disappointed.  not in the least!

the oatmeal pancakes with peach compote, pecans, powdered sugar and whipped cream was just divine!  i've never had oatmeal pancakes and i think i'm in love!  they were incredible and since they're made with oats i'm just going to go ahead and say they were healthy (they probably weren't, oops).  

we also decided to split the omelet ranchero.  it was packed with loads of cheesy flavor and a nice helping of salsa on top.  served with potato's and we were in carb overload!  i almost wish we would have ordered a side of fruit instead of the wheat bread it came with just to redeem the meal into being slightly nutritional.  whatever though, it was darn good!

the ambiance with bright walls, polka dots and fun modern artwork just matched the bright and cheery attitude of the wait staff.  it made me happy and most importantly, my tummy happy!it may be a teeny tiny airport, but i was surprised at what they have. mainly the food options. they have a couple of choices in food! so it's not just a quizno's sub for the road, there's a coffee and sandwich shop where you can grab something a bit healthier. or just a small snack for the "road". i appreciate that, knowing that my tiny hometown airport has one weird sit down restaurant in it and a small convenience store. 

but i guess i'm just thinking about food. how was security? literally a breeze, like i breezed on through! only downside is no free internet. boo! i feel like this should be a mandate in all airports! but hopefully you won't be waiting there too long. it's safe to leave only an hour before your flight to get here. then you can breeze on out!true story: i took the incline every day for school downtown. one day i had my headphones on and was in my zone (probably britney spears the zone) and some guy taped me on the shoulder. he asked me how much fare was. i asked him if he needed one way or a transfer back down. he seriously looked at me and said, "why would you need a one way ticket?" i was dumbfounded by this question. i said, with a pause "...because people live up here..." i don't know if he thought maybe the houses were fake and just for fun or what. 

moving on. the mon incline is probably the busiest of the two inclines in mt. washington. it's because it's right by the main part of station square, another very touristy destination. there's pro's and con's to taking this incline. i would definitely say more pro's because again, it's right next to station square, it's lets you off right by the main street, shiloh ave., in mt. w. and of course has the fantastic views at the top! the con's are that it can get very busy and backed up during the summer nights or if there's a major event going on in the city (fourth of july, steelers games, new years eve, etc.). 

as i've stated before, it's also part of pittsburgh's public transit system so if you're visiting from out of town, you may see some grumpy people heading home from work. i also had to point out to a confused tourist that a radio tower she had pointed out to her family was in fact not the cathedral of learning at the university of pittsburgh. if you're a history buff or looking for more information on the inclines i would head to the duquesne incline, which is on the west side of the mountain. overall this one is the most convenient!this is not just child's play!  i really thought it would be all about lame science junk.  so, i was totally wrong!

i know i'll sound like everyone else, but it really is for all ages.  science for me needs to be at a simplified level.  i may have enjoyed high school english, but science....not my strong suit!  the way they demonstrate simple ways electronics move and work  the intricate weather displays you can actually touch and learn about how all that weather stuff happens.  i mean, tot to get too technical, of course!  

the one thing that really brings me back to my childhood is the mini railroad exhibit.  my family used to travel down to the burgh around christmas to see the exhibit all decorated for christmas.  it's a special memory i have that i can still experience now.  plus, mini things are cute, right?!

i never realized how cool omnimax movie theaters are until i experienced the one here.  it really is a way different experience than watching a flat movie screen.  it basically engulfs you with sights and sounds.  i saw a show on ancient greek islands and it was breathtaking.  the popcorn is always an added movie bonus!

the bonus about owning a carnegie museum membership is that it gives you access here as well.  plus you get a discount on omnimax and museum special events.  if you sign up for the email list you get notices on everything going on, so don't send this email to junk!

i'm not gonna lie, the children's play area looks pretty cool.  i think i'm too big for that stuff now, but i can still learn about super awesome science in the rest of the place!  

wait, what did i just say?!for being such a tiny bar, it packs a lot of punch.  and by punch, i mean beer!  i was surprised at the fact that they have many different variates of beer on tap as well as bottles.  i wouldn't expect that from a bar connected with a theater (clo cabaret).  it's a very pleasant surprise to also find seasonal pumpkin beer on tap (yay!).  it's always a downer to go somewhere and they have the usual on tap.

they also have live music nights, where they feature acoustic sets and jazz. it's just a nice place to head into before a show at the clo or in the culture district. they also have happy hour specials and nice outdoor seating in the little park next door, they has a great view in the summer for people watching!  i can't really speak to the food as being the best (hopefully they'll have meat n' taters catering at some point), but the atmosphere makes up for it.  just a tiny, dimly light place to mix and mingle for a bit pre-show.  i can dig!who doesn't like being pampered? who doesn't like champagne put in your hand the moment you walk in the door? or a cheese tray that appears seconds after you've sat down. i'm in already!

i went here for a ladies day and it was exactly what i needed! relaxation... and champagne! i choose the package deal of 60 minute royal touch message and min facial. since there was two of us getting a message and facial, they put both of us in the same room. if you're getting a treatment with your significant other, no biggie. when there's no locker room and you have to strip down, make sure you're with a close friend:) 

so there were two ladies that set us up. one lady did a facial on my friend, while i got the message. the message was really relaxing. i've had them were they were way to hard on me and i've had them were they barely message a muscle. this was a nice balance. i could get a message for hours, so the 60 minutes went by very quickly. 

the facial was really nice. they basically put a bunch of different nice smelling creams on your face and wash them off. the only thing i wish they did was tell you what creams they were putting on. i've had facials before where they tell you what they're doing. some people may not want that, and want to relax, but i was curious as to their process. it may have also been because my friend was getting the message next to me too. it it was just me, i probably would have talked through the facial. 

to be honest, i may go back for a facial at some point and make it longer. the message was good, but it wasn't the best message i've had.

important note: bring cash for a tip! if you only have a card, you have to tell them before they charge you what you want as the tip. they encourage you to just bring cash though.i love places that give me a frequent buyer card for free!  that is why i have a deep love for ulta.  throw in coupons sent to my house every week and i'm a very happy and beautified girl!  i feel like i'm in one of those vip beauty supply stores that are only available to salons.  plus it has everything in regards to make-up, spa, salon, hair supplies and even very random things like candles (which i guess falls into the spa category to reeelllax you).  the things in life that make me happy are buy one get one free and even buy 2 get 2 free!  hot danggit i'm in!  

the one and only thing that irks me is that sometimes the sales associates are very helpful and sometimes they're like, whatever i need to catch up the drama of what happened last night with my coworker.  i've worked retail before, i know what's up gurlfriend!  be nice and helpful to me and i'll come back.  be snotty and i'm outta there!  more often than not though the employee's are very helpful, if not stalkerish at the make-up counter.  

i even gave ulta a great rating as i sit here stewing about them being out of the new katy perry nail polish.  i'm sure they'll have it soon....hopefully....for my sanity...and nails!if you're looking for the most comfortable and welcoming cafe/coffee shop in the world, please look no further!  

there are so many great things going on here!  first off the environment is just so warm and inviting.  from what i hear the weekends are pretty hectic, but the weekday was nice and calm for a nice work day and meeting for me!  you really can't get any friendlier than the owner of this place either.  i could have bsed with him the whole time if i didn't have work to do!  plus, you can really tell he cares about his business and how he wants to present it...i love that!  i even chatted with some other costumers, it was just that kind of friendly environment! 

i also love that i can grab a delicious, all vegetarian i might add, meal.  but don't worry, it's not shipped in, it's cooked fresh.  i enjoyed the broccoli and white bean soup and a mushroom, red pepper and cheese panini.  both were delicious.  i loved how the soup had large pieces of fresh broccoli and it wasn't bean overkill either.  the mushroom panini came on rye bread, which i usually don't like, but for some reason this magical rye bread did the trick on all the other amazing flavors from the veggies.  i didn't think of meat for a second!  

i'm definitely going to make this a spot to hit up when i want to grab a bite and work...and maybe chat up some strangers!i was seriously worried about this place.  i read the yelp reviews and i talked to friends....and i'm not gonna lie....they scared me a little!  all i heard was: super dirty dive bar, incredibly smokey inside and super judgey hipsters. it's sad when judgey hipsters scare you more than thugs with guns! 

so i was super pumped to get back to my 90's roots with 90's night. i know they have a lot of themed nights, but i can't deny getting in touch with my inner biggie biggie biggie! 

let me tell you, doubters be damned, it was a total blast!  i'm usually a club girl.  living in the "big city" for some time now, i'm used to going to clubs with some freak nasty, drop it like it's hot music.  usually creeper dudes hanging around waiting to go in for the kill.  maybe a rando drunk girl pukin girl puking in the bathroom. you know, the usual.  i just go to dance!

this place took me back to this old dance party we used to go to in high school that was in like an eagle's club.  they would push the pool tables aside and we'd get down.  we were in high school, so we just wanted to dance!  and dance we did!  it was just innocent dancing (well, kinda semi grinding)!  that's exactly what this place was!  no creepers tryin to get in these panties, 

could i do without the smoke, plus the disgusto smell you bring back with you later that night, yes!  were the couches maybe a tad questionable to sit on, yes!  but belly up to the bar i did for $2.50 yuenglings and $5 tequila shots!!  believe me, i'll totally be back for 90's night, plus 80's night and any other dance party themed nights they have!  next time maybe i'll even bring out the snap bracelets! 

it's really just good ole fashion fun times, with some innocent bumpin and grindin!buy a good friend a good beer. that's their motto and it fits perfectly!

the atmosphere in the brewery is super laid back and inviting. come, join us, sample some beer, chat about beer, chat about life, fill up your growler and enjoy your beer at home! simple plan, but it's perfection.

the owner, scott is obviously super knowledgeable about beer, and i love that. have you ever tried sour beer before? i'd never heard about it. the thought kinda grossed me out actually, but come to think of it, i love sour gummy worms, so what the heck! and you know what? i loved it! 

they also have around 10 rotating taps at the brewery. i'd have to say my fave is the fat gary nut brown ale that i'd had at local restaurants and events. but after visiting, i'm digging the monkey girl (a play on the regular monkey boy), a light seasonal wheat beer. 

if you've ever had their beer around tahn, you've gotta stop in to see the real deal! if you've never had their beer round tahn, you gotta stop in for a taste! what are you waiting for?!oh yeah?  oh yeah!

absolutely,, without a doubt thee most creative ice cream shop around!  if there's any sort of ice cream concoction you've ever thought of, oh yeah will one up you!  there's a chalkboard full of probably 80 or so different types of ingredients to make your dream combination.  

i made the wrong choice of getting a large chai latte, which needed a splash or two more chai syrup first instead of going for the ice cream i knew was going to be amazing.  so i drank a little to not feel bad and went for my object of desire. 

i ordered a chai milk shake (dah) made with cinnamon ice cream, cinnamon power and chai power (which is their own mixture).  it was incredible tasting!  if i were to make the perfect chai shake, that would be it!  i just wish it was bigger!  i know it's total super size american of me, but i would have gone for a 18 oz if i could (i believe it may have been about a 14oz.  but that's just because it was so delish!

they not only make milkshakes, but sundae's, even with a freshly made waffle on the bottom (which smelled amazing by the way!).  you can also combine coffee and ice cream together in a way that just blows my mind!  really, there's just so many options it's overwhelming....and makes you want to tackle them all!  and, free wifi!

when i'm craving ice cream, i believe this will be my first stop in town!bella italiano! it's so cute inside and byob. you can't beat that! obviously the food is incredible as well! i don't even know where to start because it's all amazing! i've had the torre di melanzane which is eggplant, tomato and mozzarella. i love eggplant but i feel like it's hard to cook and when you're out i want a fresh and crisp eggplant slice. this is just incredible eggplant goodness! i would highly recommend getting the pizza. it's humongo and they have a lot of different pizza's to choose from. whether you like artichoke, mushroom, pepper, prosciutto, sausage....oh my! this is no pizza hut pizza here! 

the main pasta dishes are great as well. they switch their menu often so you never know what your choices will be when you get there. that's part of the charm though. everything is fresh and prepared right there.  oh and i can't forget dessert!  i had the tiramisu.  oh.my.gawd!  so freakin good!  it had a great flavor to it that we couldn't figure out and the server said the owner makes it fresh each day and adds a touch of lemon.  wow, you wouldn't think that would make or break it, but wow!  amazing! the place is always packed though, so either do it up like a grandma and grandpa and get there early for dinner or try to make a reservation. it's also a great place for weekday lunch date, just remember, get the pizza!!we get there. reservations for six at 6. half our party is there, half is on it's way. we tell them we're here. can't sit until the whole parties there. i get that. but then the hostess adds "we have a party at 8 pm that's sitting at your table and you'll have to leave by then." i get that, sometimes you gotta hustle.

we sit at 6:15 with our whole party. our server comes up without even a greeting and says, "we have another party sitting here at 8 pm, so you'll have to be done by then." i don't get that....

that was just a little too much! i've never been anywhere that was so blatant about getting you outta there asap. i understand you've got to move people in and out, but don't tell us when we haven't even ordered a thing and are planning on spending money in your establishment! even with taking our time we were done at 7:45 pm. plenty of time to clean off the table for this important party. 

too bad because the food was good. the service left a little to be desired...i'm gonna put it right out there.  the best pad thai i've ever had is at spice island in oakland.  so whenever i go to a thai restaurant, i have to compare it!  please don't give me a hard time for ordering pad thai at every thai place i go:)  if i end up going somewhere twice, i promise i'll order something different...(kinda promise, okay?).

so...i ordered the pad thai.  it was okay, but nothing special.  i prefer my pad thai to have a rich peanut sauce and the sauce was pretty sparse on this one.  it did have plenty of sprouts, which is a plus for me though!  i also liked that the meal included soup (wonton or lemongrass) and an egg roll.  love the extra perks!

service was nice and quick with the total bill around $10 for everything, including the jasmine tea i ordered.  i like a cheap meal, i just want a little more sauce!i knew i would love this place even before i walked in!  

it's actually sad it took me so long to get here, considering i'm such a tea nerd.  i love it!  i want to be an old lady who collects funky tea pots.  i want to then be an old english maid who sips tea whilst watching people play croquet.  okay, i really got side tracked.  but seriously, seeing all the funky tea pots and cups there made me want to buy all of them!

i always go into tea places, pick something almond tasting and head on my way.  a lot of times i think the tea is just okay.  this time like always, i picked an almond flavored tea of course.  the very friendly and helpful sales lady helped me pick it out and shared that it was one of her faves because they include real almond slivers.  

it was an excellent choice, i loved it and can't wait to go back to get more!  i'm sure i'll end up stock piling that along with trying their many many other flavors.  it's especially nice to not spend a crap ton of money here like i do at another store (cough cough teavanna).  i'm so happy to have a place to bring out my inner tea nerd in the burgh!i like this movie theater number one because it's not humongo, number two it's never really busy (which may or may not be bad for business, eek) and number three because it's across from the cheesecake factory. 

the movie theater i went to regularly was the waterfront. now i don't have to worry about traffic on horrid 376 east. only the occasional back up from a drunk or two walking across the street on east carson. plus there's not many hooligans like there are at the waterfront. i totally sound like an old lady, but i don't care! i'd rather watch the movie than listen to giggling and phone ringing. i started to wise up after middle school when i went to movie theater's and didn't make out in them anymore because i was actually paying for it at that point! 

plus i'm totally into the specials they run, like on monday it's $5 movies and tuesday free popcorn! i'm totally into a good deal, especially since movies are a trillion dollars now! ok, i'm going to go back to my old lady knitting now, which i totally saw some woman doing in front of me tonight at the movies. true story!just what i like in chinese food. cheap and too much food to possibly eat in one sitting. ok, maybe i did eat it all. moving on....i feel like you never really know what you're going to get in a chinese restaurant. whenever i would go to chinese buffet's with my dad he would meow like they were cooking cats. obviously, since i'm a crazy cat lady i wouldn't stand for that, plus i know that's a silly concept. but i digress. 

the place was very clean and the service was great! i had the lo mien shrimp noodles and a another dose of shrimp in an egg roll. i like my lo mien tasty and full of the whatever meat or veggie you order and simple request was filled! and no one wants a limp mushy egg roll, so thankfully mine was crisp and again, filled with some big pieces of shrimp. i always get nervous going into a new restaurant like i'm on a first date...and thank gawd my first date was a success, with the restaurant i mean!the first thing that comes to mind when i think of the jerome bettis grille is carrot cake! a delicious, amazing big as your head carrot cake! and, if it's your birthday, it's free! i found this out by default, but now every time me and my friends have a birthday we head there for the free carrot cake. 

carrot cake aside, i've never had a bad meal there. the menu has a large variety of american food. the most famous item on there has to be the fried burgers and sandwiches. which means exactly how it sounds. it's a sandwich or burger dipped in the deep fryer and served straight to you. not for people on a diet! the environment is obviously set up like a sports bar with tv's everywhere, so it's a great place to come before or after a steelers or pirates game. they have large outdoor eating area that overlooks the city, so you can't get much better than that!convenient bar to kill some time at, grab a drink or watch bad karaoke performances (well on thursdays at least).  

you may gasp at this, but for $13 you can order a "make your own margarita."  where you can pick your tequila brand.  i mean, why you would pick anything other than patron is beyond me, but to have a set price for patron is a score in my book... and probably a "cheap price" in vegas!

we ordered a nacho platter which was pretty pitiful.  i think there were maybe 10 chips in it and a spoonful of gauc.  pretty lame nacho platter if you ask me!  

plus, after midnight, well drinks are only $3.  now that's a jackpot in vegas!oh the stories i could tell! as a resident of the great mount w i've been able to experience this popular tourist spot from a different point of view. i honestly never tire of viewing the city from the mountain. it's beautiful whether it's during the day when you can see all the action downtown and all the rivers or at night where the lights transform the city into a dazzling view. 

i take walks over to grandview frequently in the summer and i never tire of the view, but one thing i also like to do is keep any eye on the houses. it always seems as if some house is being redone along grandview. it's fun to watch the progress over the months. plus it usually ends up being bigger and better than before. 

the most exciting news as of late is the planned hotel right by the mon incline. the building has sat there vacant and ugly for what seems like forever so it's going to be exciting watching that construction. make sure to walk along shiloh ave. to grab something to eat at redbeards (full name is redbeards resort and yacht club, which i think it hilarious!) or get ice cream at difiore's. there's also a coffee shop right by the ice cream shop that is good for early mornings or cold fall nights. 

if you're feeling really up for a walk and some major hills follow grandview west all the way to the other side of the mountain (opposite side of where the mon incline is at). it's honestly not a far walk at all and it's great to see the other side of the mountain. there's a good amount of restaurants on this part. the majority of them are on the pricey side. i enjoy monterey bay which is at the top of a high rise apartment complex or isabela's on grandview which is almost to the end of grandview. 

the other incline, the duquesne in cline, is located here as well. this one is different from the mon incline because there's tons of pictures, artifacts and information on the inclines and pittsburgh. it's also great to see the western side view of the city. you really can't go wrong from any angle up here though!i'm going to be all over the place with this review.  that will pretty much match the experience i had here.  

first drink, perfection!  i chose the white grapefruit cosmopolitan with absolut ruby red, white cranberry juice and lime.  second drink, not so much.  way too much white cranberry juice and not enough absolut.  no one likes a weak drink, lame!

since it was my first time here, i didn't realize that if you sit outside, you're only allowed to order off the bar menu.  i like that and i don't.  the "cheap" side of me likes it because, well, i'm cheap.  cheap here equals $16 compared to $32 for a full menu item.  the other part of me thinks if it's a nice night out, why wouldn't i want to dine outside with a full menu.  whatevs, no biggie.

my eyes zeroed in on the lobster mac-n-cheese, of course!  and for $16 it better be darn good!  totally worth it.  the cheese was nice and creamy with big pieces of lobster and bread crumbs on the top.  i'd give that 4 stars!

we also ordered a mix between a meat, cheese and charcuterie platter.  so the cheese, solid (how do you mess cheese up?).  sweet pickles, best part of the platter.  the meat....straight outta the giant eagle deli section.  it was a poor mans excuse for prosciutto and bologne.  gross.  don't order!

factor in pretty inconsistent service between our server being there all the time to totally disappearing at the end of the meal when we wanted the check and you've got a iffy experience.

i'm not throwing in the towel, i would come back and try out the full menu in the dining room.  all i would ask for is a complete package...that's not too much to ask for, is it?!when the workers know who you are, you know you come here a lot! that probably speaks for itself that i pretty much love this place! i work very close to the lawrenceville location, which is a great place to grab lunch because they have small dining room. their tomato soup is out of this world! i can't get enough! also, their chicken salad sandwich and homemade mac and cheese (that they heat up for you, no less!) is incredible! 

but this doesn't even count the amazingness that is their desserts! my first love is for the cupcakes, which change seasonally. i'm a big fan of the current almond bliss cupcake. i also love love love their cinnamon rolls. that are seriously life changing!  the cream cheese over top, the glaze, the actual bun...they're huge and i eat the whole thing, without any regret! 

another really great thing to remember is that they serve brunch on sundays until 3 pm. i believe they changed their schedule to only serve brunch from march until sometime in the fall. i've had the pumpkin stuffed waffles and gingerbread french toast which makes me miss the brunches right now! hit up the downtown locations if you're in the cultural district or the oakland store if you go to pitt.it's been a really long time since i've actually eaten here. i've stopped in for a meeting here and there and just ordered tea and been on my way. but there have been many many changes in the last couple years, with the new owner.

i'm glad they've still kept the charm of dozen in tact with some welcome new additions. they have a lunch special where you can order a half sandwich, side and soup. since i was starving i opted for the full wrap and soup with only a $1 upcharge.

the sandwiches are made to order with lots of different choices. i like that they offer a choice of wheat or ciabatta bread and also a spinach wrap. i was thinking maybe my wrap would be just okay, with only simple turkey plus veggies like sprouts, roasted red peppers, tomato and hummus. but it was really tasty. i don't know if it was the red peppers or hummus, but it was a winner. 

the one thing i have always loved from dozen is their tomato basil soup. it has been my standby soup i crave for years. if they would have gotten rid of that, i wouldn't know what to do. 

on to the cupcakes next trip...very cool set up for this crazy mocha.  it's attached to the dreaming ant, which is a dvd rental shop  what a cool concept to come, grab a drink and pick out a movie, you're entertained for hours!  the store itself is pretty cool with unique artwork on the walls and almost 3-d like mural of pittsburgh in a loft area in the front.

why the low stars?

not surprising...but it's not friendly service.  not surprising because it seems that every crazy mocha i visit has unhappy employees.  you know what, i get it.  i worked as a barista for almost 5 years.  but the thing is, when people are nice to you, the right thing to do is be nice back.  not here.  you get short and sometimes even questioning attitude back.  it's really unfortunate considering a coffee shop's whole idea is for you to grab a brew and relax.  

my hope is for someone to step and crap some whips, make people perk up a bit....maybe have some coffee and chill??this theater used to be the ish.  maybe that gives away my age (eek!) that i remember when it opened.  i was in college and we waited in a blizzard to travel "all the way" to the waterfront to the new shiny movie theater from downtown to see "save the last dance."  i know, i go for the oscar winners....

i remember gazing over at those "coveted" big leather vip seats and thinking "oooooh i want to sit there!"  but for an extra $5.50 this poor college student wasn't shelling out the extra mola.  now i don't shell it out because i'm just cheap!  and i think the regular old seats are just fine!  

on the flip side i do love the cheap deal of $5.00 before 6p mon-thur and $7.50 after 6p.  i love me a deal!  if you catch a movie on a weekend you'll definitely notice the place is filled with teenagers.  obviously we all made out, er, i mean went to the movies in droves so be prepared that your date night could turn into reliving your teenage years right in front of you!

they have a ton of junk food for your watching pleasure...which i have gladly stuffed my face with.  it may not be a 5 star quality meal...but it's been awesome to have the option when you're in a bind....like totally running late for a movie and haven't eaten dinner yet!   nacho's, chicken wings and hot dogs taste great when you're starving!  

i still love going to the movies and it's a great place to watch them at.  and yes, i'm still seeing the oscar winners...."my idiot brother" today....lesson learned kids, listen to the almighty yelpers.  they know what they're talkin' bout!

i'd seen the good reviews and had read that other yelpers got some tasty wings and burgers here.  then why did i go for the risotto you ask??  i don't know, it looked good to me at the time, i'm sorry!  all the dinner items actually looked good.  my risotto...flavorless.  i needed pepper and salt desperately.  too bad the server came around every 2 hours (i may be exaggerating a bit).  but the service was spotty.

the saving grace was the enormous cheese plate we got as an app (good for at least 4 people) and the farfalle pasta with smoked gouda cream sauce my hubs got.  i quit my meal like a bad habit and ate most of his. that cheese sauce was divine!  and the cheese app had honey drizzled on top which really made the dish spectacular.  so 2 out of 3 dishes were winners.  i can accept that.

the creativity just oozes out of this place.  it's a library type setting and as we sat down two big books were set in front of us.  i opened mine to find the menu.  how freakin' cute!  i looked over and noticed this large cook book sitting next to me and i thought "what the heck is that doing there?"  it was the other "menu" stuck in a cook book.  my book, i discovered, was about dragons.  now i've eaten and learned about dragons.  now that's multitasking!

i absolutely want to go back for their $8 all you can eat wings to give them a try.  and mel u is right, a happy hour special offered every day is unheard of!  and pretty awesome!  scarfin' down wings and drinkin' half price...i'm in!i just have to say its sad that i've not experienced some of the great wings i've heard so much about! i ordered chicken parmesan and was so excited to dive into my half off happy hour wings! you get 10 whole wings for five bucks... that's gotta excite you! 

sad thing was, they were tasteless and greasy.  i kept biting into them thinking it would get better. i assure you, it did not. i ate three and had to stop.  it was like eating grease flavored chicken.  

the only redeeming thing about the meal was the tomato salad with huge pieces of mozzarella cheese. i really want to like this place... and i'll probably be back at some point. heck, they still server beer.  that's good enough for me!

hoping and wishing it will turn around though!fact: i can't go a week without picking up a bag of this popcorn! it is seriously, i'm not lying to you, for real, the most addictive snack ever! i've tried most of the different flavors as a ppc devotee. the best one to try from the 5 original flavors is the caramel chocolate, which has real chunks of chocolate. real chunks of chocolate! 

aside from that, they try a lot of funky combinations like dill pickle popcorn (thumbs down, sorry) and spicy bacon cheddar (yum). and for all you former pittsburghers or pretty much anyone else who loves amazing popcorn, they ship nationwide!you almost feel as if they give up trying to serve good food and just concentrate on the beer.  but it's not as if it's a beer haven....just the norm....yuengling, miller lite, bud lite, coors, ic light....all the burgh staples.  

we (as in the boys i was with) ordered nacho's and moz sticks.  as soon as the nacho's game out i knew they would be gross.  the cheese looked like velveeta and the chicken looked scary.  the moz sticks were soggy and definitely nuked.  yuck!  just stay away....you've been warned!  

this place is simply just a place to grab a beer before or after a game.  end of story.  ok, wait...i'm not done.  $4 for a yuengling or miller lite??  no specials, no before/after game dealz?  not cool mullens...not cool at all.i have something really horrible to admit, my hubs likes domino's pizza and i've gotten used to sub par, mass produced cardboard.  so enter in pizza sola.  a mecca of fresh, hand made pizza in a variety of different choices.

what shall i choose from?  buffalo chicken, tomato/feta/spinach, margarita, pepperoni and banana pepper.  good lord there's a lot of choices!  

i went with the margarita and tomato/feta/spinach.  i love how even though it may have been made a little earlier (okay, i hope a little early:/) they put it back in the oven to heat it up.  i recently went to a pizza place in vegas that was rated pretty highly and the pizza was sitting out and kinda blah when they served it to you.  

i was a huge fan of the margarita pizza.  let me preface this by saying i love sauce, and lots of it!  this pizza was loaded with sauce and mozz cheese.  i was in heaven!  even though it was ny style thin crust, the dough was a little softer than i'm used to seeing on ny style and i also like that too.  this was the winner for me!

the tomato/feta/spinach was a close runner up.  it was loaded with all the ingredients, which is a huge plus.  you don't want to end up with a slice of all cheese and a spec of the sides when you order a slice with toppings on it.  

throw in fast and friendly service and a clean restaurant and i'm a fan!  i don't know if i can ever eat domino's again... (maybe in a jam, let's not lie:)bring the fountain back!! it's taken away the most beautiful part of the park! it's funny to me because i always see pictures with the fountain in it and....wah wah...it's not even working! they remodeled the whole park and just opened it back up last summer.  

i remember before they remodeled, concerts used to be inside the park instead of on the outside corner. rumor has it they didn't want hundreds of people trampling on the lawn. but, isn't that kinda sorta what a park is about? i think it's great they repaved the trail around the park because it had been falling apart. and pardon me for being anti-preservationist, but i'm glad they took the ditch (ditch being some sort of fort from back in the day) out of the front of the park. i can't imagine how many people accidentally fell in. 

i will say the good things are the three rivers arts festival  and regatta held there. yay for the chicken on a stick booth! good things number two is the concerts during the summer, even if i don't like the location. and most importantly good things number three is that we have a park in the city! i wouldn't call it the central park of pittsburgh (that's more reserved for schenley park) but it's a nice little back. but bring back the fountain!fantastic local bar with well above "bar food" food!  as soon as i walked i could smell the sweet aroma of perogies (and not smoke!).  i knew i was in polish heaven!  

not only was the bartender extremely friendly, but so were all the patrons!  we even got a free drink from a happy patron (his b ball team won that night).  score!

i went in sorta hungry and sorta wanting to try the food everyone has been raving about, but not sure.  well, i kept staring at the dudes stuffed cabbage next to me to the point that i was probably starting to make him feel awkward.  so i decided it was gonna happen.  i was gonna order me some polish food!  

i had to do the whole shebang!  and seriously, $1.99 for each for stuffed cabbage (3 min) and $.99 for pierogies (3 min), how could i say no!  they have three different perogies, cheese and potato, sauerkraut and cottage cheese. you want to know the amazing thing?  instead of having to order your choice in 3's, you can have one of each!  so i ordered them all, for the sake of trying, of course!  they were all delish, with my fav being a toss up b/n the tater and sauerkraut.  

wait, this is a bar?! who cares about the beer when you can have excellent polish food!  obviously you know where my heads at!  i can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu.  they don't call it the "polish party house" for nothing.  let the food party begin!i get the fact that they are called bites, so right there you're not going to expect 5 course gourmet meal.  but i'm a big believe in awesome bar food too!  this place missed that mark.  

this place has lots of cool things going for them.  they have a make your own pizza, sandwich and salad menu.  very cool.  reminds me of burgatory, except they have great burgers!  i picked my own veggie sandwich and loaded it with roasted peppers, portobello mushrooms, artichoke and spinach.  you're even able to pick if you want it hot or cold.  mine came warmish, that was not the option i wanted.  it was okay, but not great.  i think if it came hot it may have tasted a little better, but oh well.  

the other cool thing is the word "brew" in their name.  i think when i go to these places i expect the servers to be schooled in what kind of beer selection they have.  our server was slightly schooled, but nothing close to explaining the beers in a way i'd want to purchase one.  i got lazy and just ordered a yeungling...i know, i'm lame!  i also looked up at the huge blackboard that said "craft beers" and it was completely blank.  i guess i just expected it to be more about what specialty brews they offered.

i don't think it was horrible by any means, but i wasn't blown away.  i think maybe they just need to find their identity again....first impression.  totally ooh la la romantical inside.  i felt like i was meeting a french lover and we would sit closely and feed each other croissants.  
,
i was, in fact, not meeting my french lover, but some fab yelpers for a new dining experience.  they did not feed me anything, but i did enjoy some good food and great company!

being good little foodies, we had researched the menu (thanks serena!) and decided to go with the food pairing.  our waiter was little to no help in actually describing any of the menu items we would receive or up selling the extra $20 wine pairing.  strike one.

we decided to not do the wine tasting and just choose 2 half glasses.  it was really interesting how they break down the wine servings.  you can buy a 2oz, 4oz, 8oz and bottle.  i actually like that because it encourages you to try different wines you may not be familiar with.  or be too scared to try and not like for fear of blowing $10 a glass!  

strike two came as we sat there for a good 20 minutes after our food was ordered waiting for our waiter to come back and ask us what our wine selection would be (hint to business: people who drink spend more money, so hurry it up:).  

we actually had no clue what kind of food we would receive for the tasting.  not a good choice for a picky eater.  i applaud those who aren't (and get annoyed at those who are, sorry folks!).  the first course came and it looked as if two people received one dish and two people received another.  i had the angel hair crab pasta.  it was an interesting dish to start with but it was a strong start food wise because the white cream sauce was really tasty.  

the next dish was trout with greens, or it at least looked like that.  i could barely understand the food runner as he literally, ran away.  it was ok.  nothing memorable...literally because it's the one dish i struggled to remember as i thought back at the four dishes.  

third dish was the spinach salad with goat cheese and blueberry vinaigrette dressing.  i love when restaurants have interesting salad choices.  a simple salad is just that, simple.  you can add flavor, literally, to any salad with an array of toppings and dressings.  i really enjoyed the uniqueness of this one.  

my last dish was quail with risotto and spinach.  greens were obviously in high quantity in the kitchen tonight!  i actually thought this was the best dish.  it surprised me because i'm usually not a fan of "chicken" dishes.  it was really tender and flavorful with a ginger reduction sauce.  i also liked the risotto and spinach mix.  the sauce made it really rich and flavorful as well.

where's strike three you ask?  well, we waited forever for everything!  water, wine, meals....bueller....bueller??  the saving grace was that someone (server, food runner, manager, busboy...no clue) came out and apologized for the slow service and told us desserts would be on the house.  if you know me, you know a desert can fill a lot of voids in my life.  maybe even bad service.  

we received a peanut butter ice cream sandwich (yum!), balsamic ice cream (double yum, surprisingly), rhubarb pie (ew, too tart) and lemon pie (ew, too sweet).  the only one on the table left almost in tact was the rhubarb pie.  

tasting menu's are usually the way to go when you're at a new restaurant and want to sample a bunch of different items.  i almost feel like i may have been better off choosing one item (mac n cheese, i'm looking at you!).  so yes, i'll be back.  soon?  not so sure.  and i'll for sure be a one meal kinda woman.  french lover style.walking in here, you expect the music to come to a stop and everyone turns around and stares at you.  you know, one of those dive bars that everybody knows your name, because you're a regular.  but for me, a stranger coming in, i thought it would be awkward.  i'm happy to report, it wasn't at all!

it almost seems like paradise!  a cozy little corner bar that has cheap food and a comfortable atmosphere.  we stopped in on a whim and it was a good decision.  it was 50 cent boneless wings and then at 8pm the beers went half off (thursday night, just so you know:).  the news just kept getting better!  

the selection of beers on tap is awesome.  what's even better is that the bartender was super nice and kept getting us samples of beers she thought we'd like.  i'm a total wimp when it comes to ordering spicy food, so i opted for the non spicy side of the menu (it's cool they have the menu listing from mild to hot wings).  i chose the garlic parm and golden bbq (honey bbq).  they were good, a bit small, but not surprising for boneless wings.  i really liked the bbq sauce, it was sweet and tangy and mixed well with the ranch to dip.

the absolute only  thing i didn't like was that they allow smoking in here still.  i had just washed my hair that night too, ugh!  that smoke just sticks to you....yuck!

i have a feeling this could become my new "spot."  who knows, maybe i'll even become a regular...and not look disdainfully at the stranger walking through the door, because i'll know it's worth it!this is not your average bar!  it's actually above and beyond that.  you don't go in for just the drinks.  you go in for the foil covered walls, the toys in every drink or the bartenders that breath fire.  don't forget the summer solstace party where they turn the sprinklers on inside the bar.  friday and saturday can get so packed it's hard to move, but sometimes that's the fun of it all.  it's like an extra super special dive bar experience!i had an absolute blast here on nye!  i think the stars finally aligned for a fun new years eve.  finally!  you know how it usually goes, let's over hype the holiday thinking this will be the best night ever!  then some couple starts fighting, someone throws up, or it ends up being a total snoozefest.  

going here i had no expectations at all.  it was $50 all you can drink, which to me, is a decent price for a nye special.  there was even a good spread of snacks.  although it makes me a little nervi eating off a tray of food halfway through the night with lots of drunk strangers, i was still impressed.  you could also "help yourself" to your own drinks in one corner.  it was more like a back room though.  there was spiked lemonade and punch jars next to laundry detergent.  don't mix those two up!!  this year, not like years in the past (or so i've been told), you could go behind the bar and make drinks too.  but this year the owner and a couple bartenders were back there serving drinks.  they also had random coolers of beer (yuengling and miller light) in every nook and cranny....so wherever you turned, you were stocked up!

they only sell 75 tickets.  it doesn't seem like a lot, but this place isn't that big and it was the perfect amount.  normally if you're in a bar or club, you'd be packed in like a sardine, fighting to get a drink or accidentally bumping into a super sweaty dude.  no thanks!  

and the biggest factor for me that night (drum roll please)...the music!  it was a great mix!  let's face it, on nye (or any night out, really) i just want to dance!  it was a mix of fun current pop songs and old skool hip hop (don't lie, you can always get down to big poppa!).  i was dancing the entire night long!  which definitely made my feet very unhappy later on (my fault, i needed to wear sparkly heels!).  

at midnight, they passed out those popping firecrackers full of streamers you get on the 4th, which are super fun but most likely a super fire hazard.  no fire though, just lots of popping!  i kept collecting them and putting them down my shirt to stock pile for just the right time to pop another one!  and no, i was not even drunk!  they also handed out 40oz of miller light to everyone and anyone.  the great thing was, no one got out of hand.  no fights.  no one seemed like they had gone too far.  it was just good old plain fun!

only downfall:  you can still smoke inside.  yuck!

hot tip: get there on time for this event!  starts at 9pm ends at 2am.  you paid $50 bucks, number one, get your money's worth.  number two, there's no parking after about 10pm in the south side on nye.  

a great way to ring in the new year if you ask me!  this may just start a new tradition for me!is it weird i'm not really a sub/sandwich kinda girl?  i think it just ends up being way too much bread and not enough ingredients.  so i'm always hesitant to try these kinds of places.  this was a sort of "out of desperation, i can't find anywhere else to eat that's really fast in the neighborhood" kind of sitch.  glad to have find this nice alternative.

if you know me, you know i hate subway.  the smell, the stale ingredients, the horrible time of my life were i ate it for like a year or two straight (because of working at the starbucks across from it).  yuck!  so i'm ultra picky when it comes to sub shops.  this place really seems to have fresh ingrediants and a nice selection of subs.

i ordered the italian sub toasted  the bread was delicious and also an italian type.  although i do love italian bread, i do wish they had a wheat option, so i could feel a tad better about the amount of mayo and italian dressing they put on it...which i loved by the way (i love me some sauces!).  i also wish they had put in a a little bit more meat and veggies.  i was left with about a quarter of the bread empty because i had eaten all the good stuff out of it already!  still, it filled me up and was pretty tasty, and that makes me a happy camper!

it will now be added to the regular rotation of "fast food" options in the east end, and i'm a-okay with that!dinette was one of those places that kinda went under the radar for me.  it wasn't anywhere i was just dying to go to but it was never a place i would have been opposed to going either (obviously)...it just never came up! 

i'm glad it finally came on my dining radar because it totally won me over!  i walked in and my first thought was "whoa, it's tiny in here!"  probably only about 50-75 people max can be in here at a time.  everything is completely open, even the "kitchen," which is a brick oven.  just my style though, everything is in red and whites with a mod feel.  

my lovely friends informed me that they had read up on the place (such smart ladies!) and saw that they have their own garden on the roof where they grow their ingredients.  i was immediately intrigued...this place had better be good...especially the tomatoes...since i am the urban tomato gardner.  

i was not let down.  we started by splitting three different salads and apps.  the grilled shishito peppers w/ fried almonds, chevre and fleur de sel, rooftop nebraska wedding tomatoes and the eggplant w/ red onion, sungold tomatoes, arugula, capers, tahini.  fresh fresh fresh!  everything tasted amazing!  i was really into the eggplant and yellow (yay, my fav) tomato salad.  the peppers were good but my gawd, those almonds were awesome.  how did they taste so good?!  they were just almonds dipped in olive oil....but i kept grabbing more secretly (it probably wasn't secret though!). 

we also decided to split three different pizzas.  the prosciutto w/ rooftop arugula, parmigiano reggiano, fresh mozzarella, fresh ricotta w/ basil, fresh mozzarella, tomato and the zucchini and squash.  all of them were again fresh!  my fav (which surprised me) was the prosciutto.  my italian relatives may roll over in their graves, but i've never been a big prosciutto fan...i think it was the fresh parm cheese that really did me in!  i could have had a totally parm pizza and been perfectly fine!  i also enjoyed the zuc and squash pizza with lots of veggies!  ricotta came in third, although there was absolutely nothing bad about it as well.  just a little plain.  

the only thing i wish for...and this is just me being cheap...is for happy hour wine specials.  aside from that i think the prices are pretty reasonable.  with 2 glasses of wine, salad and pizza our bill came to around $32 (not including tip) per person.  

i will be back to enjoy my little dinette very soon and perhaps steal some mod decorating tips!this just may be the cutest coffee shop in the burgh!  it has great food offerings, a great atmosphere and most of all great coffee (or chai in my instance!).

as soon as you walk in you feel comfortable here.  there's ample room for you to sit down at a table with your laptop and a tea (which they serve in those cute little tea pots (!!!) and work.  or you can choose to sit in a cushy rocking car and read.  it may be off the beaten path of carson st., but i don't think it would work any other way.  

since i had never been in before, judging from only the outside, it looked like it would be incredibly tiny inside.  not the case, at all!  it's huge!  there's one large room with the bar and some tables and cushy chairs, then another large room with mostly tables.  there's also a pretty decent size patio outside as well.  and the bathrooms, large and clean!  actually, it's all incredibly clean and well kept.  this proves the point that you don't need to be a "perfect" starbucks, nor a down and dirty local coffee joint.  you can just be....adorable!  

but the best part, the drink offereings.  intelligentsia to be more specific!  i love their chai because it's a concentrate and not a gross powder.  thank gawd!  they also have a full menu of espresso drinks and of course, coffee.  they offer a bunch of different snacks from various local vendors like scones, breads and sweets.  just enough to grab for a snack while you're visiting.  

i will most definitely make this a stop and chill point, a work spot or a meeting place.  yay for my "new" adorable coffee shop!finally, a visit to nicky's!  it's been a long time in the making....but totally worth the wait!

i'm a classic pad thai girl.  i know, i must stray at some point, to enjoy some other delicious goodness...but for my first visit, it was mandatory to try it since it's my fav thai dish!  i ordered the shrimp pad thai.  i just come to expect those little tiny shrimpies in my seafood dishes instead of the large and in charge ones, but i received about 5 large, freshly cooked shrimp. major points, from the girl who eats every shrimp on on the plate at cocktail parties!  

i'm into spice, but can't take a lot of heat (it just gets messy around the face area, trust me!) so i gambled and went with a 4 out of 10.  it was the perfect amount.  made me a little sniffly, but no major tissue issues to worry about!  i was into the fact that there were almost equal parts sprouts, i love those crunchy little strings!  super extra special bonus, a tiny crab rangoon that was awesome!  you definitely don't get one at spice island!  although the one thing i do love about spice island is they use just the right amount of sauce.  i could have gone for a tad more on my dish...but that's me just being picky. 

the plate was massive and i ended up taking some home.  for me, that's a rarity, since i usually chow down the whole plate.  so you know that's a ton of food!  

service was great and the place was tiny, but super cute and intimate.  i'll definitely go back and perhaps become more adventurous with my thai food ordering.  i also have to try the thai iced tea, i kept glancing over at my neighbor's.  but the jasmine tea was just right for the day!i finally went back to nicky's after almost a year! time flies when you're having fun. or taking time to eat my way through pittsburgh. irregardless... i believe the last time i was here i sorta wanted to be impressed more. this time, i was!

i went all in and swayed from my usual pad thai and get crazy with another menu choice. okay, i admit it wasn't super crazy. it was still a noodle dish, but hey, you gotta start somewhere, right? i ordered the phad see eaw, which is rice noodles with stir fried broccoli and sweet soy sauce. i 'm always into the shrimp, so i had to add some into the dish. 

and you know what? it was awesome! maybe better than the pad thai. wait, it was better than the pad thai! huge portion, enough to enjoy the next day. now i'm excited to go back and try other dishes. since there's a new location downtown it will give me that much more of an excuse to head down there to "try" the new joint out. 

hot tip: byob and they do take reservations. we went on a friday night and it was packed for such a tiny place, so remember to plan ahead!did you know you could get healthy options at pamela's? i sure didn't! although i would love to stick my face in a plate of their lyonnaise potatoes, i'm trying to be good (snooze). 

i recently discovered their spinach and feta omelet, which i love, so i just health-ied it up with egg whites, whole wheat toast sans butter (because they tend to be heavy on the butta) and a side of fruit. and you know what? it was still tasty! i was even surprised how awesome the fruit was! it was a big bowl full of delicious banana's and strawberries! they also have turkey bacon and sausage. i was tempted to add that one, you know, for more protein, but i stuck with my little satisfying dish.

this location is very tiny, so i'd strongly suggest going during off hours. i've been during peak and you wait forever! plus, there's very limited parking on the side of the building. and most importantly, it's cash only, with no atm for a couple blocks.

so eat up, with loads of delicious calories or not!sandwiches are a hard sell for me.  they've really got to impress me.  even, let's say, razzle dazzle me.  anyone can slap together two slices of bread, some cheese and meat.  but can it always taste good?  i'm afraid not.  

i'd passed cafe raymond a million times and never gone in.  it's just a small unassuming deli in the midst of the bustling strip district.  but recently i kept saying to myself: "self, you must go in there next time."  that next time turned into today... and i was not sorry!

i'm a big fan of tomato and mozzarella salads, but i'm always hasty to order it when tomatoes aren't in season.  so i had to ask today, and the server assured me they were nice and fresh.  so i was super excited to order the caprese type salad.  all i said at the counter was "tomato and mozz" and i instead received a sandwich.  i'm not one to complain (too much at least), so i scooped it up and plopped down to mangia.

good thing i screwed my order up because that ciabatta bread was life changing.  as soon as i bit in i knew it was freshly made.  i was confirmed by the nice worker, who said the owner raymond freshly bakes all the breads except for the rye.  i'd eat those freshly baked loaves of bread to oompa loompa status if i worked there!  

thankfully the tomatoes were fresh as promised, with the same fresh mozzarella and a delish grain mustard.  i can only imagine how scrumptious the other sammie choices are.  i can say confidently i will never be able to walk past cafe raymond again without devouring something inside... maybe the whole bread tray...what a great little park!  the best part of the park by far are the views of the city.  it's right at the end of bailey ave. so it's a great place to visit or jog through if you live up in mount washington.  there's also a lot of different events in the summer, like outdoor family friendly movie showings and morning yoga.  if you follow the walking path to the end of the park there's a nice size playground as well.another bar, with good bar food!  wait...is this an issue that i'm going to bars and pigging out?  maybe let's move past that for now!  

let's set the tone, it's 8pm, you just shopped up a storm on butler st. and you're starved enough that you may end up eating that coat you just bought (not really, it was a really good deal!).  i'm thinking, new amsterdam better have good food because i'm starving!!

so for starters we ordered the cauliflower nugs, which are fried cauliflower.  to convince ourselves that it was healthy, we'll say it was fried in multi-grain bread (disclaimer - it is not!).  they were awesome though, let's be honest!  they came with a great curry mayo type dipping sauce.  i was so hungry i was housing them down!

i was excited to see a portobello burger on the menu, because of my deep love of bello's!  now, when you order one of these, you never know if you're going to get some flat wimpy bello cap or a big fatty fat fat cap!  it was the the better of the choice, the big fat cap!  yes!  it was nice and juicy with loads of feta on top!  and the fries, total surprise....they were awesome!  nice and crispy...kinda like my fav winghart's fries.  

so after describing my oh so satisfying meal....do they server drinks here?!  oh yeah, they do!  actually, i was pumped to see so many local brews on here.  i actually hadn't tried the arsenal cider cinnamon apple blend yet, so i was happy to sample that (delish, of course!).  at $7 a pop, it's not cheap...but i just remind myself that it's amazing tasting and it packs a pretty big alcoholic punch!  

so...i hear new amsterdam has some dance parties too....maybe when i'm done stuffing my face there i'll want to dance it off!crab egg benedict was bomb diggity. service was not so much the bomb, but a bomb. the waitress kept forgetting to bring us things, then she'd disappear for minutes on end. she just didn't seem like she was too into her job that day. 

the place is beautiful though. you really can't go wrong with the encore/wynn properties because the concept is so stunning with the black/white/red color scheme. i just wish our service was better.it's hipster grocery shopping at it's best! not too fancy like whole foods but "green" enough for those crazy kids! i like this place a lot because it offers up very fresh fruit and veggies. seriously, you wouldn't believe the difference between organic asparagus and the regular old green kind. plus they have a really great selection of organic meats and seafood. 

the thing i really love about this place is the large selection of food to go. it's great that it's right around the corner from work. it's in the strip district and, gasp, there's free parking in their garage if you buy something from the store. no more parking illegal for this girl (well, in this instance at least.) i luuurve that they sell penn ave fish company sushi to go so that i can just grab that for lunch instead of fighting the lunch crowd at the actual restaurant. 

they also always have a plethora of soup options sometimes 8 at a time! and although half of them sound a little scary to me, i can usually always find that delicious tomato bisque i totally crave. i also try to convince myself that it's healthy even though it's probably made with a gallon of heavy cream. but that's beside the point. 

annnnnd, their baked goods! you would never guess that they would have such a great bakery, but geeez! it's fantastic! if there's free samples out, please take them. i watch for no one looking at me in the deli and scarf at least five samples down if i can! but everything is baked fresh to order, cookies, cakes, scones, pies. it's a great place to order a cookie tray, which i know yinz pittsburghers love! 

the added perk to this place is thee most friendliest, cheeriest, funniest guy that runs the check out line at the to go good counter that just brightens my days with his prerequisite fist pump. i'll totally fist pump for this place!this place has the freshest fish in the city.  there...i said it!

it's a must for sushi lovers who claim they've had the best sushi in the city but really haven't because they haven't tasted penn ave's sushi! you're even able to pick up fresh fish to fry, cook or grill.  although nothing beats visiting the location to eat it up!  

i come here so much that, yes, they know me by name and know what i order.  sometimes i'll tear myself away from the sushi to try one of their other fabulous fish creations.  the shrimp and crab pizza, spicy tuna melt and energy salmon lunch are all winners for my fishy taste.  

the strip district restaurant is pretty small so be prepared to hunt for a table at lunch time.  be warned, i have been known to hover and pounce on a table if it looks as if they're getting ready to leave.  they offer up daily sushi specials which has actually made me branch out to try something different then my old faithfuls (spicy anything really).  there's also taco tuesday -  2 for $4.99, 3 for $6.99 or all you can eat for $8.99.

and remember, if you're ever there it's highly likely i will be too!holy hummus batman!!

i mean, it's like a hummus party and everyone's invited.  seriously, if you're a true friend you would invite everyone to this hummus party because it's so good!  apparently with over 20 kinds of hummus, you can please them all.

i tried a plethora of different ones but loved the buffalo, garlic and horseradish one the best.  i went home with the horseradish and have been happily eating it every day since.  man does that horsey sauce give you a kick in the butt, but it's goooood!

i also had a gyro with all the fixin's.  the pita bread, soft and chewy.  the lamb, loads of it and nice and moist, no dry meat here!  the sauce (maybe to me one of the most important parts) was awesome!  love me some cucumber yogurt greek sauce... load me up with it and i'm good to go!  plus, it's cheap cheap cheap, with gyro's at around $5 and the hummus being around $3.  you won't break the bank with this lunch/dinner/snack!

it's a family run business and the owner is super friendly and easy to talk to.  it's so awesome to see an owner that's so passionate about the business and happy to be there.  

i know i'll be back for my stock of hummus, i'm hooked and i can't turn back now!!sausalido, i'm into you!

what a cute little place! again, i ponder why it took me so long to come here. maybe it's a hidden gem?? whatever it is, i can't wait to go back! everything on the menu appealed to me, which is always a good sign. oh yeah, also a good sign, deliciuos bread and hummus on the table!

i was with a party of six and as soon as our food came out, i was struck by what a beautiful presentation it was. i mean, everything looked fresh and delicious, with a lovely looking plating to boot! i was in the mood for veggies, so i choose the roasted veggie wrap. it came loaded with portabella mushrooms, red pepper, yellow squash, zucchini, asparagus, carrot, mixed greens, parmesan and white bean spread in a spinach tortilla. i also loved the balsamic dressing inside. it was just a nice refreshing meal for lunch. not too heavy and definitely on the healthy side.

i was very intrigued by the dinner menu though. i must come back soon to get some of the seasonal items (yum pumpkin!).they served my iced chai in a glass.  like, an actual glass glass.  you don't get those these days (what, am i like 80??). 

in the ye olden days of my life i was a bucks barista.  we used to serve iced drinks in a real glass.  this was back in the day when the bucks had a "small" coffee house vibe.  gone are those days!  come to think of it, do they even offer "for here" mugs for hot drinks anymore??  it's such a nice real coffee house perk to have that option!

there's plenty of room to work for the day and the internet is free!  major perk!  the barista here was also extremely nice and helpful when i asked her what kind of chai they served.  she didn't groan when i asked, like some jaded b's do.  it was an organic brand i had never heard of before and it was great!  not too sugary and just the right amount of spice (forgive me for not remembering the brand!).  

i was starving too with no lunch and noticed they carried sustainable rustic bakery goods.  the b told me they are located in the pittsburgh public market as well.  i picked up what looked like a massive size fig newton.  it was incredible!!  and made me feel much better about myself knowing that the ingredients are all natural.  maybe not the best lunch option, but it was awesome....i'll def be hitting them up at ppm!


total plus: rockin' tunes...i totes dig the vibe!everything on the menu looked delicious!  everything!  i had heard so much about the burgers that i was really tempted to get one... but trying to be on the good side (and knowing i was heading to the gym later and didn't want to be slugging it on the elliptical) i went with a better for you option....

the major taylor cycling salad sounded right up my ahi loving alley!  i love my ahi tuna and still always get surprised to see it at non seafood type places (although i feel like it's becoming more common at all sorts of places).  my friend also ordered the ahi tuna.  must not stock up on it, or it's not ordered a lot, because the waitress came back and said there was only one left.  yikes!  my friend went with another options (isn't she so nice!) and i got the salad still.  

now here's the thing... i eat a lot of salads.  i've had fantastic, un-boring salads, totally boring salads and just so so salads.  you can make a salad exciting.  this salad teetered on boring.  it wasn't bad, ahi tuna was okay.  top that off with a smattering of carrots and a little less spring mix than i would have liked and there it is.  

so, knowing they're known for their burgers i will go back when i want to be bad.  but i think if they're a stellar place the salad will also be amazing.  so, watch for me, i'll be back and i'm going to be so bad!why god why is there only one of these in pittsburgh!? these places are like starbucks in other cities, one on every corner! maybe it's because pittsburgh is more addicted to ic light than a smoothie. well let me tell you, you can't get a boost of vitamin c in a beer!  

it's located on duquesne university, so if you're a student it's an easy walk over.  i only wish they had more locations for us non-students because i can't even illegally park to get to this place. i have to make a special visit. it's worth it though because the smoothie's are delish! the best one i've had is the aloha pineapple. there's many many more to choose from. if you have a fav fruit i'm sure there's a smoothie to compliment that. so make a special trip up there, but don't park illegally!bar food is tricky. it can be all over the place between really good, really bad and everywhere in between. this place coming in right in the middle. 

i feel like they may have to start stepping up their game with the blue line grille right around the corner and basically having the same concept. i ordered the turkey burger with coleslaw. the burger was fine. could have used a little more flavor, but not terribly bland. i really liked the coleslaw, which was vinegar based. they gave you a hardy helping too!

i like that they have some local brews on tap, but i believe there were only about six draft choices. am i spoiled by the craft brew bars that have like 40 beers on tap? probably.

not a bad pre-game option. but like i said, they might have to step it up a bit if more restaurants start popping up around here.after staying at planet hollywood, and thinking it was going to be the "young and hip" hotel i realized that maybe i'm not young and hip anymore... and i'm okay with that.  the aria is like the mature older sister that's grown up a little bit and has nicer things.  i like the nicer things...

and thankfully i like nice things that are affordable or preferably discounted.  aria always seems to have affordable rates.  i have no clue why, because it's a really beautiful modern hotel with many amenities.  there's lots of classy restaurants that offer a variety of food choices.  not much on the low end level though.  mostly nice lunch or dinner places.  but the citywalk attached offers a more varied cheaper fare.  

on second thought, maybe i can straddle the line between young and hip and mature older sister.  the mall attached to this hotel has nothing in it that i can afford.  it's beautiful items, don't get me wrong, but i've already payed my discounted rate for the hotel, you think i'm going to bust out $2,000 for a louis vuitton handbag?  methinks not.  the casino is also boring.  i'm not a gambler, so i like flashy things to entertain me.  ph had flashy things like dancers, fun bars inside and a young atmosphere.  this was a little snoozefesty.  so those were the downfalls.  oh, and the buffet is awful.  see my review for that lameness.

on the other hand, and a big upper hand at that, is that the pool area is awesome!  i love that they made it like a mini beach oasis.  little sections with large pools and enough seating.  and servers who will actual get you a drink!  not at all like the non-service i received at ph.  they have this vip pool where you can pay to go in for like $30.  now, i would never do that, but you can go in and eat lunch at the restaurant inside and stay to lounge around "for free."  it was awesome grabbing a lite bite and then lounging on one of the comfy padded beds in a less crowded pool.  just a little tip for ya, just don't crowd the pool too much for me:)

if i weren't able to choose between the million other options in the strip i'd most definitely go with the aria again because, i gotta be honest, the pool area won me over above the rest!part of the chain gang.  

never an amazing experience.  usually always lots o' fried stuff.  best part of the place?  you guessed it kids...the patio!  

this place is usually the go to spot for a couple friends of mine, so how am i to argue?  if there's a happy hour special, i'm there!  $4.00 20 oz beers in tap?  oh, you have yeungling?  let's get this party started! 

i've had a plethora of the fried offerings.  one being a corn beef and cabbage roll.  it's like a fried reuben sammie.  throw some thousand island dressing on the side and i'm in!  i also tried the baked mac n' cheese.  it's ok.  not really baked as much as just thrown together with garlic and bread crumbs dumped on the top.  if you would have been a little cheesier mac n' cheese i would have liked you much better!

one of the special menu items i noticed tonight?  a claddaugh ring that can be all yours for the small price of $19.99.  enterprising?  not so much.  cheesy?  most definitely!  too bad the mac n' cheese wasn't!when i heard piano bar, my first thought for some reason was dueling pianos. but it's one sole piano, with a player and rotating singers. and you know what? the singers aren't bad! they're actually good! 

they'd have to be since robert de niro was in there! (disclaimer: he was not really in here, but a dude that looked very much like him was). i was surprised that for a friday night it wasn't too busy (and looking at other reviews!). but we were able to grab a table for 6 and slide right in. 

it's a nice place to take a mixed group of people considering the songs ranged from classic to today. the service was super friendly too. it seemed the server was one of the only people on the floor and she still did an awesome job. kudos to the bar staff when they rock it out when they're busy! keepin' it classy all the way!meh, i'm really not impressed.  i haven't eaten here yet....and i would give the food a try at some point.  i just didn't have the best service when i've visited and that's oh so important to moi.  

i went for a quick stop in before the pirates game.  the happy hour special is actually really great with them offering $2 drafts.  the service, however, left much to be desired.  i'm pretty much blind and can never see the tap choices unless they're right in front of me.  so i asked the bartender if he could let me know what was on tap.  he started to name them off facing the opposite direction of me.  i couldn't hear him to save my life, so i asked him to repeat it.  he let out an exasperated sigh and repeated them while facing the opposite direction, again!  i gave up and got the only drink i barely heard, the blueberry pilsner.  it was ok, but i was frustrated, so i didn't really get what i wanted.

i do love the front area of the space with the openness of the front windows for the summer months.  is it bad to want to try a place only for their decor?  i shall be back to try the food, so i'm warning you melange, don't disappoint me again!i have to give this place a split personality review.  the party side of me says this place is a heck of a good time!  the foodie side of me says this place compares to a tgifridays, but with german food. 

the first time i came here was right after they opened....so i wanted to come for the food and drink.  it was the dead of winter so the outdoor area wasn't open yet and we were shoved in the corner of the large dining room.  i couldn't decide what to order because i love sauerkraut, i love cabbage and i love german potato salad!  it's sad i didn't even want any of the meats, all sides!  so i just stuck to those and apps.  i mean who can go wrong with those choices?? 

so the fried pickles were good and....fried.  check.  the sauerkraut was like mush.  ew.  i expect good sauerkraut from a german place!  i want it crisp and tart.  just plain mush.  the german potato salad, mushy as well.  potato's, mushy....no flavor.  yuck.  fried cabbage...you hear me....fried....was mush!  seriously, horrible!  i would never come here to eat again.  

on the other side.... 

atmosphere is fantastic! the dining room is really rambunctious! they have people standing on tables and singing.  they have a huge shot luge where a bunch of people have to take shots at once.  and the outside...fantastic!  it's this huge open area with picnic tables and a large bar.  plus you're right smack against the river so it's really pretty out to.  pretty for a beer garden i suppose!  the beer comes in these huge liters, which is great in theory, but if you're not slamming them back it gets warm and nasty.  i'm always a lager fan, so i had the hofbru premium lager.  it was pretty much lager like.  nothing to write home to germany about. 

so remember, food gross but drinking atmosphere great!i had gone to the pita pit once before in the south side and was totally underwhelmed.  obviously it took me a while to go back.  since a friend wanted to meet there i obliged, thinking maybe it would be better.  i'm happy to report it definitely was.

the downtown store is a well oiled machine, cranking them out fast for lunch rush hour.  i ordered a turkey pita with my personal favorite toppings: pickles, banana pepper, olives, lettuce, tomato and onions.  i also chose the horseradish dressing.  good choice... i could almost pat myself on the back for that!  it made the pita!  

i didn't realize they heat up the turkey, but it actually made it taste better.  my only complaint was that the paper they wrapped it in stuck to the pita, so half the time i had to peel it off the pita.  some parts it wouldn't come off so i probably ate some less than appetizing paper.  oh well, i'm still alive!  

if you're looking for a quick meal around this area of downtown it's a decent choice!not your standard chain coffee shop.  it may have the "big ticket" items, like the pre-made pastries, but it makes up for it in every other way.

this location has tons of space to work, chill out and read or catch up with friends.  the barista's have always been super friendly, which i very much enjoy (i'm chatty, what can i say!) and they seem to encourage local happenings.  there's a board to post events in the back and a list of upcoming performances there.  i also noticed blackboard paint being painted on the wall today which i'm supposing will be for more postings??

i do love me some campfire mocha's in the winter, because who doesn't love marshmallow in their hot chocolate/mocha's?  i had a craving for an iced bevvie, being like 79 in march (what, what?!) so i ordered an iced sugar free caramel latte.  i like that they have a decent selection of sugar free syrups too (something starbucks doesn't have!).  

surprisingly there's not too many coffee shop choices on the south side, but this one is a winner and drumroll....free wifi!i can't get enough! i'm hooked...

obviously, because i keep dreaming about the flavorful food here! the first time i walked in i was pretty confused. i've never claimed to be an ethnic food expert, so looking at most of the food, i really had no clue what it was. but, the thing that helps me out is that i'll taste anything. it doesn't matter what it looks like, if it's food, i'm probably going to taste it. true fact.

so the guy, who i'm assuming is an owner or manager of some sort is nice enough to help me out. that was pretty much the only option i had, to trust him, considering there's literally no menu. none. 

so he hooks me up with every single thing they have in their food bins. seriously, everything. i ate for days! but every single thing was incredible. i wish i could tell you what it all was... so to best sum it up... i believe i sampled bubba ganache, hummus, chickpea salad and cucumbers in some sort of marinade. what i'm certain i had was salad, rice, chicken, beets and grape leaves. even the grape leaves were excellent. i feel like i hadn't found some solid leaves until i tasted these. i loved that i could taste the lemon. just bursting with flavor!

so he hooked me up for dinner, lunch and dinner again for $10 with a free drink! he said first time i get one free. i stopped in again today and had a solid meal, no surprise, and watched him give another first timer a free drink. i love great customer service!

i'm hooked, for realz.i don't care what anybody says. i love primanti's. my last dying wish may be a sammie from here. haters wanna hate, riiiiight?

i usually go with the roast beef or kielbasa. i don't know what it was tonight, but the stars aligned and that kielbasa was grilled to perfection. pile on the crispy fries, that sweet vinegary coleslaw and cheese and i'm a happy lady.  it's honestly the only sandwich i don't feel weird about eating white bread. i think it's those thick cuts of italian bread that seal the deal. 

the only complaint i have for this location is that it's smokey. the bar next door allows smoking, but it smells like stale smoke on the restaurant side. also, it could be cleaned up maybe a little bit inside. i guess the "dirty" appearance gives it some charm?? i guess?? whatever, i'll be the one sitting at a dirty table shoving the the sammie in my mouth...yep.  it's a pretty divey bar.  the descriptions got that right.  

the nice thing about this bar is that the bartenders weree friendly and attentive, the regulars are usually comfortable enough to invite you into their "home away from home," and most importantly drinks are cheap!  

pretty big room if you want to have a go round as some pool and from the looks of it, had some tasty bar food specials going on during the week.  would i make this my regular hang out?  probably not, but if someone wanted to stop in again, i'd go come along.  nothing beats cheap drinks!this buffet was sad times considering the other fabulous buffets in vegas.  really, they're kinda in a hidden type area of the aria, so maybe they're hiding out and when someone stumbles upon it they think, oh well, i don't know where i am anyway so let's just go in!

i love me a buffet, so going out to vegas is exciting because it's like buffet country.  i barely picked up anything in my graze of the stations.  nothing really looked that appetizing.  it's definitely a smallish buffet, but i'd still think quality over quantity for the mola you're shelling out.  

the only good thing was the dessert bar.  i always enjoy a soft chocolate chip cookie and brownie.  so that kinda made things better, but not really.  if you stumble upon this place and you haven't eaten in days and you're starving it would be fine.  if you have the time to meander to anther... i'd pick that option!i had a moment where i was one of those people. one of those frou frou frozen drink people! 

i'm so ashamed....but for reals....it was soooo good! 

the drink i speak of is the pittsburgh frozen hot chocolate. it's like a mini serendipity's frozen hot chocolate. p.s. if you haven't hit up that spot in nyc it really is a must for one of their famous frozen hot chocolate's! but, pittsburgh frozen hot chocolate is a fabu substitute! 

and for some reason italian soda's from here always taste amazing. i know it's just soda water and syrup. but when those two combine, it makes fizzy fruity magic in my cup! 


other drinks, meh.... 

i order chai's most of the time because i'm not a fan of regular drip coffee and i really love them with all my heart. but it's really hard to find a good chai. most places make them with powder (like this place) and it was just lacking here. plus it's a little on the sweet side, and i like my chai's nice and spicy! 

i went in once to get a frou frou caramel macchiato and they scoffed at me and said..."ugh, we don't make those." um, ok. a nice, sorry but we'll make something close to that, would have been fine. 

which brings me to the last point that the peeps at this location could use a little cheer in their life. i've put in my coffee slinging years, i know sometimes it sucks, but sometimes it's fun to chitchat with people. so perk it up! 

i do love that it's a local chain and they've been expanding in years, so i suppose they've been doing pretty well for themselves. the cool coffee house vibe isn't lost on this place either because they always have bangin' music. 

a coffee shop without bangin' music is no coffee house to me!i'm the jerk who goes to the pizza place and gets a meatball sub.  but i had food jealousy and i had to!!  i saw a waitress with a tray full of them and then i watched this guy bite into it and it was done, i had to have it!  

was it worth it?  heck yeah it was!  there's nothing like a thick italian bread bun with 4 heaping balls of meat, enough marinara sauce to satisfy my sauce obsession and melted moz cheese.  does that talk you outta a pizza now?  it was really good and worth every bite.  i did not get food jealousy over my friends pizza.  

will i go back and order the pizza next time?  maybe, unless i see a meatball sub go by again, then all bets are off!when i first started working down in the cultural district 4 years ago, this was always our pre-theater stop for dinner. i absolutely loved the pasta vodka. they also had this delicious flavored butter. every time you came in they had a different flavored butter with bread. pre-dinner bread isn't usually exciting, but they made it so! 

fast forward a couple years later....i hadn't been there in about a year or so. i think the issue is maybe they changed owners or head chef perhaps? either way, the food is very average, if not olive garden-y. i had the veal parmesan. i know veal i usually sliced thin, but i felt as if it was nonexistent inside the coated fried bead crumbs. the sauce was nowhere near what you expect it to be. i usually imagine a grandma in the back lovingly making the sauce. here i could see them pouring out the ragu containing and heating it up. 

how do i comment on the service when our waitress checked on us five million times!? i mean, that's nice....but when she's in your face while you're chewing, in your face making really lame jokes and in your face as she's having a smokers coughing fit. it's really hard to say we had excellent service. it was pretty much taking it to the other extreme of smothering service! 

the only thing they have going for them are their meatballs.  the meatballs are exaclty what i like, very moist and lots of flavor.  i can't help but think this sounds dirty, i swear the meatballs are good!  they just need to not be paired with ragu sauce!!since i come from the land of chinese buffets, erie, pa i know a thing or two about them. erie has a chinese buffet per person, i swear! i came to the burgh in 2000 and couldn't for the life of me find a decent chinese buffet! they were all pretty disgusting. i was so excited when i saw they were opening up a new one at the waterfront. party because it will make my weekly trips to target that much better! 

i should say that it's not only a chinese buffet, but also serves sushi as well! i wouldn't say it's the best sushi i've ever had, but you watch them making it in front of you, so you at least know it's fresh. i look for very certain things in my chinese buffets, which i think you all should. cleanliness, fresh looking and selection. i feel like they have it all. they have a large selection of sushi, fried food (who doesn't love cheese wonton's!) and traditional chinese. they also have a mongolian bbq where you can make your own plate of raw food an they cook it in front of you. it's pretty tasty, and i try to convince myself that's the healthy way to go (even though i know it's not!). 

the buffet is pricey at $18 but you can catch the lunch specials, which is around $10. and totally unrelated to chinese, they have this cotton candy ice cream that is beyond amazing! look for the rainbow looking one! delish!paris 66 is one of those places you hear a lot of buzz about and are dying to go to.  one of those places you expect will be incredible!  this was a sorta mediocre experience....but i do expect more from this place.  

it was totally my fault that i set up a breakfast meet up at 10a and a lunch meet up at noon.  i'm either looking to gain 1000 lbs or am busy.  i'll take the busy option.  so since i was stuffed from an incredible waffle from sugar cafe i decided to get my fav salad of the moment, a beet salad.  it was a pretty big disappointment.  i'd say it was maybe 1/3 a beat with tiny little cubes of beets, lettuce leaves and blue cheese.  blue cheese with beats?  no feta, really?!  ok, i'm looking too much into this beet salad, but for realz, it was sorta lame.  

our server was ok, but sorta seemed like she wasn't into serving that day.  she kept forgetting to bring my friend her drink and she just seemed pretty lackadaisical.  no big thang i guess, i served and i was horrible!!  the outdoor patio was also really cute.  i was actually really into the whoel feel of the place, inside and out.  very romantic in and very casual and comfy outside.  

service was pretty slow too.  although, what i will say in their defense is it looks like they only have two small grills in the front to make the crepes (which my two friends got) so i can see why it would take a while.  i did get a small bit of my friends crepe and it was awesome!  

i will come back because i feel like i didn't get into the really good stuff on the menu....but i'm not sure what kind of service i'll receive and i definitely will go back expecting slow service at the very least.  so remember you'll need a good hour and a half at least for lunch, perhaps more for dinner.well...

i really wanted to give paris 66 another try.  i felt like i'd missed something great here.  

all the elements are here.  it's an adorable french bistro.  cute setting and the menu looks amazing!  last time i only had a salad so i was ready to go all out.  great thing was, the lunch menu offered a 3 course meal for $14.99.  it included a coffee or iced tea, choice of soup or salad, 5 different main plates and then a handful of desserts.  not a bad deal for those who want a taste of it all.  

i decided to pick the warm goat cheese salad and bastille crepe. we received our ice teas and we waited. and waited. and waited some more. then one slightly unenthusiastic apology from the waitress saying "something was messed up" with our order. others beside us kept on ordering and getting food.  an hour passed by with no food. we finally had to summon over a manager who apologized and then 10 minutes later the salad appeared. a salad. it takes an hour to make a salad? i don't know what really happened... but i know it shouldn't have. it wasn't busy at all. only three other tables in the dinning room with lots of different servers around. it was really irritating and i was hangry (hungry + angry)!

we then received our main dishes about 10 minutes after that and my crepe was a total letdown. it was a beautiful looking crepe, but frankly, it tasted like condensed cream of mushroom soup on top of some spinach and a crepe. plus it was lukewarm. major fail! 

our waitress then starting to do the "save face so that i can still get a tip" act and gave compliment after compliment to us. for all of this, during a lunch that we were extremely patient with (good thing we didn't have a strict lunch schedule), they comped us a couple macaroons...which in my opinion, there should have been more!  i've worked in the restaurant biz and personally felt for all of that, our meal should have been comped. worst of all, the manager never even came back over to ask if everything was okay. poor costumer service. too bad, i had high hopes.you know a place is good when you start having weekly cravings for it! i had actually never tried vietnamese until recently. please don't hate, but i lumped it in with chinese and japanese. but i can proudly say now it can stands alone in deliciousness! 

i've tried the regular shrimp noodle dish, or prawn, if you will. which on it's own is a great choice. i've also had the fried rice, which was surprisingly good.  but nothing, and i really do mean nothing, can compare to the rice noodle soup bowls. so good! 

they give you so. much. soup. it's a huge bowl filled with yummy broth, a ton o' noodles and insert whatever meat you choose. i enjoy the seafood bowl, which is a mix of shrimp, squid, crab and fish balls. i really just like saying fish balls. but i digress. if that's not enough, they also give you a side dish full of sprouts, basil and jalapenos. yum! 

so, pho' real, please go!i waited and waited and waited for this place to open in lawrenceville. once it did,  it did not disappoint. i haven't had one bad experience here. well, maybe one time but that was totally my fault. i may have totally bit it on the floor in the middle of the dining room. so be careful, that floor is slippery! despite slight embarrassment i continue to go back over and over again! 

from the yummy sushi rolls to the tasty drinks and amazing main dishes you really can't go wrong! my favorite roll is definitely the tamari roll. it's white tuna, crab, spicy aioli, scallion, torched scallops. they just melt in your mouth! my fav main dish is the lamp lollipops. lamb for me has to be cooked just right. not too dry and on the medium rare side. those lollipops definitely tasted like a dinner version of the real candy. 

i was so upset when they changed their happy hour from 5-7 to 4-6. it seemed as if they were doing it just to save on money. good thing they changed it back to 5-7. i would hope they had heard people's complaints and made a change for the better. none the less the happy hour specials are great! they offer $1 robata grill selections, which are tiny beef, chicken and veggie skewers. they also offer $1 off martini's and wine. 

the atmosphere is also really great! the downstairs dining room is a bit tiny but they have a larger dining room upstairs as well as a rooftop deck. they also have outdoor seating, which is always a nice perk to have. i'm a sucker for dim lighting and modern accents and this place is all about that. after you talk food, drinks and atmosphere obviously service is important too, and the staff is always very friendly and helpful. 

you really can't miss out on this place, so don't wait any longer and go!sorry tamari. i've got to knock you down a star. 

it's been a couple months since i'd been here and was a little disappointed in their happy hour.  so i've been going to this place from the beginning.  we've enjoyed many a happy hour here. 

their first try at happy hour was normal time from 5-7 pm.  $1 robata's and half off beers and $5 wine and liquor.  not too shabby.  

second attempt at happy hour.  they changed the times to 4-6 pm. when i heard this i was kinda pissed.  i know some people might get out of work early, but the majority i would say get out at 5 pm.  i thought this was kinda a cheap move, like we want to do a half assed happy hour and not offer it for normal hours to save money.  i actually didn't come here for happy hour during this time because of that. 

third attempt at happy hour.  better deals on food with half off all apps, awesome. no discount on wines (boo) and alcohol (double boo) only beer (ok....).  but, to top it off...we sat down at a table, like we've always done, and asked for happy hour specials.   the server informed us happy hour is only allowed at the bar.  double boo!  it's not like it was hoppin in there, enough that they didn't' have seats for us "cheap" people.  i don't know, it just kinda rubbed me the wrong way.  don't get me wrong, the apps we ordered were delicious, as always.  duck quesadilla, tuna tarter, shrimp and fish taco's thumbs way up! 

but, not happy about happy hour!i know i repeatedly come back here, but for good reason. the food is stellar! still, after all these years (well, around 5 years at least). i have to imagine that one of the hardest parts of a restaurant going forward is keeping things fresh. thankfully, they excel at this!

i love seeing all the special dinners they offer. i know... i have to get to one sometime. but in the meantime, i did get to try out their brunch for the first time and i'm here to report it is just as wonderful as the rest of their menu!

i love me a good prix fix menu and theirs is fantastic. for $22 you get a cocktail, small plate and entre. as soon as i saw that i was in. everything, of course looked great, but i'm a sucker for a good salmon eggs benedict. i was stuck on what to order for the small plate, since the first think that appealed to me was salmon and i was already getting that in my main meal. 

my first order of the day was a spicy bloody mary. upon receiving it, i noticed it had an overpowering taste. i was trying to place it and finally did. it had too much horseradish. i knew this because i made one myself the other week that i doused in way too much and it was not my cup of tea. i also didn't think it was very spicy. even with a jalapeo floating around. maybe a dash of red hot too? the server was happy to add some extra juice and that evened things out. next time i'll know exactly what to order though.

i settled on the slaw dumplings on a whim, not really knowing what to expect. thank god i did, because they were amazing! crispy fried dumplings with a vinegar and tart slaw in the middle. they were piping hot, fresh off the fryer and i devoured them in seconds. it's hard not to go wrong with a small plate here, i've learned. but the funny thing is, it's not really a small plate. the server actually explained to us that a "small plate" is actually an appetizer sized portion, easily split among two people. whatever, i would have been greedy with these delicious morels anyway. best i not share. 

the eggs benny were a perfect size. two buttery biscuits with fresh salmon, perfectly cooked eggs and a sweet hollaindaise sauce. it also came with crispy taters that weren't greasy at all, that complemented the meal perfectly. 

considering this continues to impress me, i'm sure it won't be long til i'm back again.i know the peeps have spoken. i know there's rave reviews about this place. but....i'm sorry....it wasn't good. i had a frito in my burrito. no lie! i believe in food fusion, i swear i do, but fusion with my snack food? not sure about that. 

i think i'm bitter because it used to be an amazing restaurant called the iguana lounge. they had thee best seafood chimichanga. they also had really great refried beans and let me tell you, i hardly ever find good refried beans. but enough about the old...the better.... 

it's also pricey. you have to pay for the chips and dip (boo!) and each individual taco (double boo!). one tiny taco sets you back $6-8 bucks. did i mention it was tiny?? i mean, i know i'm totally into american super sizing, but i can appreciate a smaller meal if it's amazing. not so much here. 

i'd spend my taco money elsewhere....like a bag of tostito's and chichi's salsa!oh man. this place is a triple threat!

the hot dog. check. the toppings. double check. the bun. holy crap it's amazing!

why am i so excited about the bun? because it was incredible. it was fresh, it was tasty and it was toasted. that combination is lethally good. i almost want to say it made the whole thing, but i think the toppings combined with the bun did it in for me. 

the funny thing is i used to not even really like dogs. i've always had them served to me very blandly. the only way i'd eat them later on in life is if they were straight off the grill. but now that there's all these gourmet offerings, i've tried my fair share of dogs around tahn. i'm going to go out on a limb and say this has probably taken over as my favorite. 

there's over 20 different choices of dogs, which is hard to believe. i kinda wanted to try them all, but ended up choosing the illinois and the special of the day, the arkansas dog. the illinois (tomato, banana peppers, celery salt) had a bountiful amount of banana peppers and not too much bacon (which surprisingly, i liked). but i really liked the arkansas dog (bacon, cheddar and scallions, horseradish) because of the horsey sauce on top and the. the prices aren't bad at all. around $2.50-$3 for what i call a "gourment dog" is great!

i also tried the potato salad which had the right amount of mayo in it. it's hard to get that nice balance. but i will say, i enjoy a lot of it! throw in fresh squeezed lemonade and i'm a believer!

i can't wait to work my way through the menu, because... it. is. happening!this place is so so highly rated and talked about i was surprised at how small it actually is!  i can't imagine what the wait would be for a dinner, let alone a weekday lunch, where every table was full still.  but it's super cute and intimate with the benches lined in cozy pillows.  

my pad thai was good, but oh so small.  i think i received the lunch portion.  i didn't specify, so it was my bad.  but i gobbled my dish up in about 5.5 seconds and i wanted more because it was so good!  the shrimp was plump and the sauce was sweet, just how i like it.  maybe it's my big american appetite, but i definitely left hungry.  just a little taste of magic!

very good pad thai, yes.  but here's the thing... this place is so highly rated i feel like i need to go back and be adventurous!  next time, adventure's on!well, let me start by saying that i don't claim to be a mexican expert.  i enjoy mad mex and i'm not an expert on "authentic" mexican food.  i can vouch that i've enjoyed mexican places here, san fran and also in the motherland (of mexico).  what i will say about this place is that there is no excuse for stale chips....or bad side dishes...

so first impression doesn't start well if you've been served stale chips.  yuck!  i also was super into the horchata drink i received in san fran so i wanted to try it at what some people say is an "authentic" mexi place in the burgh.  it was really just awful!  it was like the cinnamon flavor was way too strong.  gross....didn't even drink it after the first sip.  

for the entree i ordered the mexico city chicken enchiladas.  i actually didn't mind these. the shrimp red sauce topping was fab (and i loved the shrimp) and the chicken was great.  it wasn't shredded, which i really hate getting in mexi restaurants because i feel like they just take it out of a can.  speaking of can, the side dish of zucchini tasted like it was out of a can of veggie campbell's soup.  really weird side dish.  not a fan.

i was really disappointed with this place because i had heard so many good things from some trusted mexi experts.  they will still be my friends...however this place will not be on my food friendly list ever again!it is dark in here. like really really dark! like you could make out in the corner and no one would really notice dark. let's not be silly though, i didn't make up in there, i come to eat! 

i really do enjoy this place, even if i have to feel around for the taco's on my plate because i can't see them. but this just makes me sound old. so on to the good part, the food! so good! i had the mahi mahi taco's and the pork taco's and they are exceptional! i love when they put cabbage in a taco, i know that sounds weird, but it's just so tasty with the marinade they use! 

i know that chi chi's (rip) trained me to expect free chips and salsa, so it's always nice to have them free. sorry to burst the bubble, but they're four bucks a pop....but it is an endless basket. which is good because it usually disappears in about 5.5 seconds. i'm also a big judge of salsa, and this salsa definitely passes the test, with just the right amount of kick! 

i do love the outside area! there's tons of seating and benches and it's just so great to sit out there on a nice warm summer night with a tall glass of dos equis! and i am so into tequila...badly into it. so watch out, because that bill can get high when that's in the mix! you can also trip down the steps in the dark as night dining room after too many....i had high hopes for caffe davio. you know where this is going to go, don't you?

it's a very casual place. you get the feeling breakfast everyday hosts a lot of regulars. our server was not the friendliest. you know when you get one of those servers that you think hates you... for no reason other than you came into the restaurant and sat down. that was her.

i was going between the lox and cream cheese bagel and the salmon omelet. i went with the salmon omelet because i really wanted to try a side of chocolate chip pancakes, since you're allowed to order a single. i wasn't really into the omelet though. i understand the smoked salmon is salty and adding in the capers made it extra salty, but it was just too much for me. the homefries were also disappointing and not crispy enough. i did enjoy the chocolate chip pancake though. tons of chocolate chips! i should have just been bad and went with the good, ya know?

if i went again i'd just go for the lo and bagel combo... or just dig a deeper hole for myself and get the pancakes!how do you rate a casino when you don't gambe?  hmmmm....

on aesthetics?  casino's are usually dim and little shady.  but this one isn't.  well it is in some parts and isn't in the parts by the river.  the windows overlooking the river give you a gorgeous view.  there's even a tiny outdoor concert pavilion which i'm sure is a great time to be at when someone good is playing (is there ever anyone good playing there??).  it's like it's a bit bi-polar. 

i've also been into many casino's in vegas and this one is very nice in looks but considering you can still smoke in casino's (in my opinion ban it if you want to keep it classy) you have to have the right ventilation system.  the thing that blows me away in vegas is that most of the casinos you don't smell the smoke at all.  as soon as i walked into river's the smell of smoke hit me.  ew.   it's new, so i'd expect it to be a better system but it's not.

i also had the pleasure of going to an event here.  the space is really nice, and smartly facing the river.  it's also great to have an outdoor balcony where you get a beautiful view of the river and sunset if you're attending something in the evening.  i would have been happy spending the entire evening out there.  

the food was catered by the casino and i was not impressed at all.  the veggie tray had overly salted veggies, the grape leaves were dry and the little bites of food were all bland.  i know catering is hard when things are massed produced but i've had delicious catering before, so i know it's possible.  maybe tonight wasn't there night... on the other hand i have heard the brunch buffet on sundays are awesome, so i still have faith they could redeem themselves.  but we'll see...

if i ever threw a quarter in the slot machine and hit it big maybe the star rating would go up... just maybe...i've gotta say it as my friend would say it....this store is like hello kitty just threw up the most adorable merchandise ever!  i mean that in thee nicest possible way to describe what this store is like.

for anyone into japanese culture, this is the store for you.  and i know many people that are totes into this.  i must say, i passed a handful of things that i would have liked to make a nice little home somewhere in my house.  i mean, most things i have no clue what i'd do with it (mini notebooks, adorable strawberry stickers, sushi erasers) but it doesn't mean that i don't want to buy it all!  

blink and you'll miss it.  you've gotta turn down a narrow hallway, if you will, to get to this store, right off walnut.  but once you head down those stairs, you're in a colorful wonderland!

i really wanted to walk away a proud owner of a stuffed cupcake with huge eyeballs.  someday i'll find a need for it....right?  or maybe i'll just go back and purchase it, knowing that i'll be giving it a loving home....no one is lying when they say the outdoor area is incredible... because it is! if you entered through the back, you'd never know that busy butler street is right in front of you. but since you enter from the front... it tricks you into thinking you're in some sort of garden utopia because the trees and ivy are so thick. 

so if you boast such a wonderful garden in the summer... what do you do in the winter? you make awesome food so people come back! i'm one of those people that can sometimes end up going to ethnic restaurants and ordering the same thing over and over. i know, super lame. but i get scurred! considering the couple we were with raved about the street noodles, i went out of my pad thai/curry comfort zone.

i have to admit, i've only had street noodles once at noodlehead in shadyside and these were way more flavorful! i ordered up street noodles 2 with rice noodles and fried shrimp. i could tell right away it was way more filled with more zesty ingrediants. competition's on the horizon noodlehead! 

i like that it's byob, so you can bring your fave bottle with you. i will say, the dish isn't large, but just right. let's just say, i was satisfied, but definitely ready for dessert later! but isn't that kinda the best of both worlds?what a mixed bag.  on the outskirts of lawrenceville hipsterzone sits this little bar.  it actually reminded me of a house party in college, considering it's a converted house.  you get all kinds of different people in there too.  hipsters, regulars, low key, party night people... it's all there!

first level is the chill zone.  people from all walks of life intermingle together with a drink in hand.  i was actually surprised to see a decent draft list.  after grabbing my oberon i headed out into the small patio area.  nothing special, just a couple plastic chairs and tables.  remember, this is a house party after all!  

if you head upstairs you'll enter the dance portion of the party.  a dj spins mashed up old school hits with some techno beats.  i'm not really into dancing to this kind of music, but i can respect a good mix.  props to the dj have to be given.  there's a pretty small bar upstairs and two larger rooms to dance.  but, being an old house... packed to the gills with dancing people on a hot summer night it is not the coolest place.  actually it's down right gross... unless you're dancing so much you don't care it's hard to spend a lot of time up there.

i passed a foursome getting an order of food and it looked and smelled amazing!  it was around 10pm at night and the food looked gourmet.  i have to say i'm a little intrigued.  if you're putting out good looking food like that late night, i may have to venture down during the earlier hours for a bite.this place is so great! i feel bad that there's so much construction going on around penn circle because it's hard to locate right now. the ambiance is fantastic, very hip and trendy. the food is also fantastic! it's a mix between japanese, chinese and thai. you really get the whole spectrum of asian foods. we had sushi for an app, thai for dinner and of course martini's for a drink. even the martini's had an asian influence, as they offered lychee martini's with a fresh lychee at the bottom! don't let the construction scare you off!well, i can only speak from the experience of wine drinking, not to the dining.  i so wish my experience was a good one too!  the space is gorgeous!  seriously, it's so warm and cozy inside.  dim lighting, tons of candles...just a fantastic space for a date or a night out with the ladies.  there's tons of seating that includes an upstairs lounge area with comfortable couches and individual areas to have private get-togethers.  then down below they have about 8 bar tables set up around another couple couches and a bar area.  the ambiance just screams, "come, sit, drink!"

i came, i sat, i drank....but i was not impressed!  first off, the service is not good.  the place is never busy, so you'd expect certain areas of the restaurant to be closed because it's such a vast space, but they're not.  so me and my friend decided to take a seat in one of the comfy couches upstairs.  there was probably only a handful of people in the whole place and it took around 15 minutes for someone to even acknowledge we had walked in.  at that point, i would expect an apology, like, oops i didn't see you there.  but nope, no apology.  the chick set us up with menus and then ran away for another 15 minutes.  we finally did get our wine and it was okay, but here's the other thing...

i understand it's a wine bar, so the wines will be priced a little higher.  but i'd be more apt to pay that amount if i was also receiving good service.  i was not, therefor i declare it's overpriced!  the wine list may be great, and it may be fancy, but if the service is crappy, it's a no go!  

and can i talk about how it always reeks of balsamic vinaigrette!  they have to drown their foods in it, because it is pungent!  i love balsamic vinegar, but this isn't an abercombie, and we're not spraying the place down with it every couple minutes, are we?  is it just me?  i hope not...because then i'm going to start sounding crazy!

i really want them to be better, because i think they can be in such a great space!  so please, i beg of you, step it up!this place has character, that's for sure.  how do you rate a place that wasn't necessarily built for concerts, more like choirs, let's say.  originally a church it's seriously super cool to be inside listening to a rock band.  i don't think they did much to change the place other than add equipment for the shows.  i'd assume you'd have some nice built in acoustics for singing, not sure about rocking though...

it's not going to be your fancy pants stage ae custom built for concerts, but gosh darnit does it have some history and bring some awesome bands to the burgh!  seriously, they bring in some great acts.  if i'm scanning the city paper for ads i usually pick out at least one or two shows a month i'd go and see.

being an old head i enjoy that the over 21 bar area is split up from the youngins.  i had my mosh pit days.  now i just want to stand with my beer and watch a nice quite, er, loud rock show.  no shoving for me!  my yuengling was $4, not bad and not fancy pants arena prices, thankyouverymuch!  

i wish the parking situation is better.  it's in a random part of town that has no real parking lot area, so you have to kind of fend for yourself on the street.  so come early if you want to rock early!  i obviously want to use the word rock as much as i can in this review... so if you want a place to rock out, this is your place... to rock!oh gnc smoothie....you totally lost your allure.

you lost me when you closed the smoothie bar at the waterfront where i was able to get my afternoon treat when i worked down there or was shopping.

you lost me when you closed all your smoothie bars in all gnc shops. 
every. single. one. 

you lost me when i went to the absolute last one on god's grean earth in downtown pittsburgh beneath your corporate headquarters and you made me wait for 25 minutes for my ultimate smoothie, the peaches and scream.  

after 25 minutes the first sip tasted good, but not what i remembered.  

i'm done witchu.  bye!not your run of the mill hallmark store.  you'll find very unique and specialized cards here.  most of them are incredibly funny cards that will be a far cry from the normal "wishing you a happy birthday."  along with selling cards they also have hand made goods for sale.  these include jewelry, purses, shirts and other trinkets.  in the back you'll find specialty wrapping paper.  they're closed on mondays so keep that in mind if you're making a special trip.the most important thing to have in a coffee shop is good coffee.  

but for me the most important thing to have in a coffee shop is always its chai tea latte.  i can confirm for you here and now that their chai is outstanding!  i think it has to do with the great chai ingredients they use and lots of love (aw, i know) that's put into making it!

it's great that it's locally owned and you can tell.  the owner and his staff go out of their way to make you feel comfortable by serving up some killer drinks and friendly service.  that's why it's such a great place to grab a coffee and stay to meet friends or work for the day.  

the summer is especially nice for a stay because their front is actually a garage door that opens up into the street.  plus the other key to a fantastic coffee house...comfy chairs!  i can confirm their cushy-ness is up to lounging standards.  

for all you coffee fans i have heard that the coffee is pretty great too.  i'm positive that if you stopped by it would warm your tummy and your heart.  extra awwwww!this place is horrible! where to begin....the produce is rotten, the jars of food have dents in them and their selection is awful. i think that the place is run by 14 year old kids because that's all i see when i am forced to shop there because i have no other options. i'd rather visit the rite aid down the street for emergencies or wait to go to another place off the mountain.foodland, you're like a bad relationship, i just keep going back to you!  time after time after time i've bought produce that has ended up being rotten.  now i say it's the final straw!  i'm done witchyou!

i go here because i've missed a farmers market or i'm too lazy to go to the south side giant eagle.  the other day i bought asparagus that looked normal.  i opened it up and there was this rank odor spilling out of the wrapper.  done. witch.you!

if i could give you a million negative stars i would!  

i admit, i may rebound a time or two but only for canned goods.  those are the only safe products.  but mark my words, i'll be checking the expiration dates!  

foodland, get it together!right up front i have to dock a star for smoking.  ew.  gross!  it needs to just be all non smoking....oh to go home and not smell like an ash tray!

jimmy d's was way different back in the day when i went there. i knew it had good music...but it had been a while.  i'm not a house music type of girl, i need some down and dirty jams!  so going to villa first was a total bust. not a house music fan.

this place plays the good stuff.  lots of rap, r & b and old school jams! the stuff you can get down with!  since i'm a total old head now, i want to hear some biggie mixed with some lmfao and some dirty dougie tunes!  you'll find that all here.

the drinks are cheap cheap cheap here, with well drinks and domestic beers being under $3...yes!  i get grumpy if i have to pay over $5 for anything in the burgh!  so i'm into this.  the only weird thing was that the floor upstairs shook with every bounce and step.  it was pretty dead when we got there, but once everyone was on the dance floor, it was bouncing pretty hard.  i mean, if the floor gave way, they'd be a lot of good lawsuits going...so hopefully that doesn't happen....but i'd say it's a little weird to feel the floor shake below you...i guess that's the price you pay for the good jams...what a cute little place!  it's uber tiny, but you get the feeling it will pack a big punch.  i opted to try out the lunch first because i was very intrigued by the grilled cheese and tomato soup i had read about in other reviews.  

sure enough, both were mighty fab!  there wasn't a thing i would change about the grilled cheese.  the bread (wheat or grain) was awesome and it was toasted perfectly.  tomatoes inside were an added bonus.  but the real winner of was the cheese.  oh cheddar, oh cheddar, how i love thee!  it was sharp as could be and absolute melty goodness.  i was in cheesy heaven!

the soup was definitely good, but not great.  i think it could have done with a little more pepper and a tad more cream to add to the bisque name.  it tasted just a tad too runny for bisque.  if i'm going to calorie overload on my bisque, you better commit with my heavy cream!  

service left a little bit to be desired.  she just seemed very unenthusiastic about everything.  i really enjoy asking the server about different menu items, to get their take on what they enjoy.  maybe i'm too trusting, but i assume they've tried mostly everything and have opinions about them.  i mean, i wouldn't work in a place i hated their food (that's maybe why i stuffed myself with one too many enp superburgers back in my day).  she didn't really offer much....oh well, you can't always have a peppy server (lord knows i wasn't all the time!).  

i can't wait to go back and try the dinner.  everything on the lunch menu sounded awesome, and i'm sure dinner would be just the same.  i'll be back with my bottle of red for byob baby!i literally stuffed myself like it was my last meal on earth. i think it was because i was massively hungry, but when you have good mexican food in front of you, it's hard not to shove it in your face. and that i did my friends...

starting with the ritual of gorging myself with chips and salsa. the chips were freshly baked (not sure if they were house made, but it wasn't tostitos time up in herre) and the salsa had a kick. we also ordered up a side of gauc to compliment said gorging. while i enjoy chunky salsa and gauc more, i thought the salsa was way better. skip the gauc, it was okay, but nothing special. 

for the main meal i ordered the shrimp fajita salad. it was brought out in what looked like a massively over sized taco shell with all the fixings. plump shrimp, grilled peppers and onions and enough gauc and sour cream to drown yourself in. i was game. so i ate almost the entire thing, minus the shell, because at that point i was all taco'd out. it was really delicious. if you make somehow make mexican without flavor, you're doing something wrong. they are doing a-okay here. side note, i doubt this was by any means a "healthy" salad.

i was a bit surprised to see most of the taco's are chicken and beef only, with no substitution. but there are many many choices in the combo section, so i think every palate will be satisfied. or just come hungry and eat everything on the menu. that's what i felt like i did. then i was rolled out of the place...it is forever busy in this location! i always head in and immediately check for space to sit my tush. thankfully i luck out with that one available seat, but it's usually in that weird back room on one of those uncomfortable stools.

for the location you'd think they'd have made it bigger. it's not the kind of space you want to hole up and get some work done. i guess what i'm saying is its far from a chill work environment, so get in, grab your coffee and go!my toes look pretty. that's the important thing. maybe not the most extravagant pedi i've received, but for $25 i'm okay.

a couple things i will note. the water wasn't very warm, especially for a cold day, it would have been nice. i loved the messaging chairs and the exfoliating scrub she messaged up to my knees! the service was friendly though, and that's important. 

for a no frills pedi, just to get your feet looking pretty, this place works.don't you want to present a gift that you're proud you bought?  proud because it's totally unique and one of a kind?  that's what you'll find here!

it's a smorgasbord of gift items from cards to jewelry to soaps and games, you can really find something for everyone here.  i came in trying to find a fun item for a unique friend.  i wasn't actually sure what angle i wanted to go.  unique random gift, or jewelry?

i was won over by these awesome hand made cuff bracelets.  they had them in a bunch of different designs and colors.  so, birthday present, done!  i, of course, also fell in love with these super cool looking necklaces that are made from acai berries.  heavy hints will be going to the hubby for this item!  

prices are pretty reasonable.  you'll find small affordable gifts and then jewelry a little pricier, but you know they're quality items.  the owner is also extremely nice and was helping me pick out a fun card, even taking some out of back stock to show me.  

you just have to check out this store when you're shopping around for the holidays or for a special occasion.  remember, shopping locally supports everyone)i had the best experience kayaking on the rivers!! this is a must to take out of towners to! i had never kayaked before, so this was a little out of the box for me.  i was thinking about doing the beginner lessons but opted to just try it on my own.  once you're sitting there in a boat with a paddle there's not much else to figure out.  i would definitely say opt out of those lessons because it's about $35 for a session.  

i was so excited to see a new perspective of the city. you're looking at it floating in the middle of the river, how cool is that?!  it was gorgeous!

 it was very affordable, around $13 for an hour of kayaking and i was surprised to hear there were no restrictions on how far you can go. obviously i wasn't kayaking to ohio anytime soon, because it was surprising how tired you get.  i probably made it as far as the science center and then paddled my way back under the 6th st. bridge. i am even thinking of buying a venture outdoors membership just for the discount on kayaking! i will definitely be hitting this up a lot over the summer!wow!  if this place doesn't inspire you to be creative i don't know what will!  i swear i always say i want to, like, sew and... make things.  but here's the thing, i never do... don't tell!

but seriously, if any place would inspire me to actually go for it, this would be the place!  as soon as you walk in your eye goes straight towards all the beautiful fabric on the walls.  i probably saw 20 or so fabrics right off the bat that would make great pillows, curtains, dresses, etc.  

but here's the thing, you take a closer look and there's beautiful appliques for potential headbands, outfits or anything you can think of really!  they also had an incredibly unique array of jewelry.  i really wanted to buy this red octopus necklace, but knew i had a mission and had to focus...

so what i really went in for was ribbon for a headpiece i was making.  the workers here were extremely friendly and helpful in finding me the perfect ribbon.  they even pulled out some gorgeous vintage ribbon that was only about $6 a yard!  i ended up going with an amazing lace and pearl ribbon that only cost $5 with some vintage buttons to attach!  

i'm most definitely coming back here to snatch up some jewelry and perhaps buy some fabric that i may or may not do something with.  whatever, it will sit in my house and i can admire it, it's just so pretty!two margarita's in and i'm golden.  golden as a peach and raspberry marg you get!

order some fresh made chips and salsa and i'm in heaven!  i knowingly had a homemade taco salad for lunch, knowing i would indulge in mexi fare later that night.  i didn't care, i like to double dip!

immediately i ordered the chips and salsa...i mean...dah...who wouldn't?  you could tell it was of the homemade chip persuasion.  this wasn't a bag o' tostito's poured out!  we also ordered the gauc.  thank gawd it didn't come in a puny bowl.  it was a heaping helping of the green stuff!  i was all over that ish!

i ordered the burrito isla, which came with cheese, rice, green peppers, grilled onions, salsa and sour cream.  the option included meat but i opted to go veggie tonight.  it was a huge portion.  factor that in with the huge chip/salsa ratio and you've got a full belly!  

the only issue i had was that it seemed to take a long time between drinks.  maybe i'm a little overzealous between bevvies...but it's happy hour...i gotta get my drink on!i love when you come into a restaurant and have a whole dining experience. you're welcomed by a friendly face; informed about the dishes in a specific way that makes you know they put thought into their dishes; take part in a delicious meal and enjoy a bottle of wine over good conversation. that's what i experienced here.

for starters, it's byob, so remember to bring your fave bottle along with you! so once you pop open a bottle, you can sit back and enjoy the delicious food they're serving up. for starters we tried the platter of zaalouk, taktooka, house hummus and grilled pita. i thought the hummus was good, but it was the zaalouk (roasted eggplant) and taktooka (roasted red pepper) that stole the show. the flavors and the way it was cooked just all blended together harmoniously on my pita bread!

i liked that before we put in our order, they explain to you that the food preparation can take as much as 40 minutes. i appreciated that they tell you that up front. i could tell from the way they ran things, it wasn't for a a frazzled chef to make meals, it was to allow time to make an amazing meal to come together.

for the main course i choose the scallop special. when it came out there were four large, perfectly seared scallops that tasted just as incredible as it looked! it came in a pool of delish butternut squash reduction with large pieces of butternut squash and sweet potatoes. the flavors, again, were bursting in the dish. i was so incredibly satisfied afterwards!

we ordered a chocolate mousse cake. it wasn't made in house, but brought in by a supplier. it wasn't too thrilling after a wonderful meal. i'd say just stick with the savory dishes here and let them be your palate thriller for the night!i really wanted to like this place after reading so many stellar reviews.  much to my dismay, it didn't live up to those reviews.  i'm going to hope i just came on an off day.  did the move from bloomfield ruin things?  i'll never know since i didn't visit that one...

i will say the one plus was the fresh made to order mozzarella plate with heirloom tomatoes, basil, olive oil and balsamic reduction.  for tomatoes being out of season, they weren't too bad.  and the mozz was awesome!  they definitely perfect that dish.

for the main dish i ordered the gnocchi in a cream sauce with peas and mushrooms.  i love gnocchi if done right.  wasn't too into the cream sauce or the actual gnocchi.  it just didn't have much flavor.  and the gnocchi fell flat... or should i say heavy.  i'm so in love with the gnocchi from il pizzaiolo in mt. lebanon that i can't be fair to anyone else's!  

i will also make a note that are service was not to hot.  as i've said many of times, i've served so i know the drill.  put on the pizzaz to earn your tip.  i know we're not a hard table, we even tried to make the dude laugh, to loosen him up.  didn't work.  he just seemed so over it.  it just makes you feel uncomfortable when you have a server like that.

this is the thing though, this place has so many positive reviews that i'm definitely down to try it out again.  hopefully with a better turnout!mexican food has gotta give you a kick in the butt...and i mean that in the nicest way possible.  you have to have that special pizazz in your pico, zest in your mex, taste in your taco....you get the point!  

coming here there's no kick, no punch, not even a wimpy slap in the face.  i agree with beth m, it's just bland.  i ordered a chicken burrito and the chicken was that stringy kind you get in a can.  they had to have stuffed the whole can in because all i could really taste was bland chicken with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, etc.  the rice and re-fried beans were exactly the same.  no real taste.  i was pretty disappointed in everything but....

free chips and salsa!  

i get pretty bitter when chips and salsa aren't offered for free, so this was the only plus.  i scarfed down enough to make myself not as bitter about the food.  so maybe stop in for the chips and salsa....you'll potentially look cheap...but hey, the food should be better!it's been a while since i visited anytime tan.  i'll admit, i used to tan here and there, but gave it up a couple years ago.  so my new venture is spray tanning.  what a venture....

first experience bad!  i called ahead of time to get the scoop on how to prep.  i swear to you the chick on the phone told me to moisturize.  i thought that was weird because i had heard you're not supposed to put lotion on before you spray tan.  well, i figured maybe i'm out of the loop, so i did it.  i went in, got sprayed and... disaster!  i looked like i had chicken pox.  my one whole arm was the color i barely recognized.  have you ever seen that friends spray tan episode where ross gets a spray tan on level 4 like 4 times on one side?  that was me!!!

so i came out, the chick took one pitiful look at me and was like, we'll give you another go round.  i was so "burnt" from this horrible experience i figured i'd take a week off and try again.  so the week came and went and i made sure not to lather up with anything!  

i went in, spray spray spray... didn't look like i had chicken pox again and showed up a couple hours later with a pretty decent looking tan.  i wouldn't say i look dark, but it's a nice base from my ghostly pale skin before.  my hands are orange though, i will warn you.  i'm interested to see how long it will last (i'll be sure to update!).  

the rooms are very clean but service can be hit or miss.  you either come in to a very friendly smiling face or a chick that you can tell doesn't want to be there.  to be honest though, the bar is low for these kinds of places.you know what?  i take back my kind words on the spray tanning booth!  it's awful!

one day later and i'm left looking like i have some sort of skin disease!  the tan is uneven now and my hands have about 3 different shades of "brown tan" and my elbows are a weird shade of black/brown.  this is horrible, no golden tan here!

do not spend your money on the spray tan booth.  go somewhere where they spray it on by hand.  i know that's what i'm going to do next time.i must say you never know what kind of service you'll receive when you walk in a retail store.  what's fantastic about this store (and i hope other apple stores) is that the costumer service is fantastic!

it goes just beyond ringing you up for your fancy new apple product.  it's actually taking the time to talk to you and see what you need or what product would work best for you.  they don't work on commission and that takes a lot of pressure off them.  the sales people actually seem like the enjoy their job!  how novel!  it's rare to find that in a retail store.

and even though this place is always packed to the gills you're never left standing there for even 1 minute without someone asking you if you need help.  they're always well staffed and eager to help you out.  again, it's just very rare these days to have such great costumer service, good company, good product, good costumer service...it just trickles down.

i'm an apple convert fo sho!want to impress your friends with a super sweet authentic costume?  come to costume world.  too cheap to pay the $100 plus rental for that?  come to costume world and get the one out of the plastic bag!  

costume world has been a strip mainstay for years.  i remember thinking how weird, but cool, it was that there was a costume shop open year round.  but the super cool thing about this store is that it has really elaborate and fancy costumes for rent.  

back in the day they used to let you in the back to just look at the costumes.  now you have to be serious about renting one to get back in the mystical, mysterious looking roped off section.  a lot of local theater companies rent out these costumes.  i assume costume world obtains old theater costumes to rent out as well.  

the front part of the store is your basic plastic bagged costumes.  your assorted slutty -fill in the blank - girls costumes and the beer can boys costumes.  they also have a pretty elaborate hair and make-up counter.  

it's a pretty fun environment to visit during halloween because it's buzzing with people and workers dressed up to the nines.  or any other time during the year that you need that random costume.  i also enjoyed the one counter chicks huge halloween tattoo covering her entire chest.  now that's dedication to a holiday!in my quest to find the best chai in the city, i stopped into my little neighborhood coffee shop.  the owner talked me into ordering a frozen "frappuccino" blended drink.  i normally don't order these because i know how much sugar and crap goes into these drinks from my coffee slinging years at the bucks.  plus, they were the absolute worst to make (usually because it was for some bratty tweens).  but...i caved, i'm weak!

i can tell you though, it was really delicious!  it's hard to make a chai drink blended because they usually ends up tasting like water flavored chai.  i don't know what he did but the consistency was great!  plus he told me he mixes in a little vanilla and caramel syrup plus a touch of cinnamon.  now those are some mad barista skillz!  

outdoor seating is always a plus for a nice day...plus you get all the local yocal gossip!

my only complaint is that it's a little pricey.  my drink was $4.75.  i'm out of the barista biz, is that expensive or am i cheap?!  nonetheless...

i may have a new addiction on my hands ladies and gents.this is like a mini benedum center.  it's another beautiful theater to see great shows in the cultural district!  

there a couple key tips when booking tickets to this theater:

1.  never ever sit on the orchestra right or left sides unless you're the first 2 seats from a-g.  the right and left farther back you shouldn't go further in than the first 4 seats.  if you sit against the wall you'll probably have paid to see half the show...since that's all you'll be seeing!

2.  if you choose a seat in the center on the floor you're golden, even if you're at the very back.  the theater is small and only holds about 1,300 seats so you'll see great from anywhere in the center.

3.  the mezzanine and gallery sections (balcony) are very tight.  meaning there's not a lot of room between you and the row in front of you.  so keep that in mind if you're tall.  keep away from the far sides if you can again, because you'll get an obstructed view.

this is coming from a ticketing insider, i want you to enjoy the experience!ug, do i really have to give this place any stars? i really really passionately dislike this place! it's such an awful place to see a show. it's even more maddening when people i actually like come here because i refuse to go here anymore 

i think back in the day it was a concert venue, then a dance club and now it's back to concert venue, and regrettably, an under age dance club. ew. it obviously hasn't been updated in like centuries. it needs help to be modernized or maybe even an attempt to make it a better place to see a show. but sadly no, it's still just a crappy place. 

you know the thing that really makes me mad? some good bands and artists come here!! i tried to go, i really did. i went and saw dashboard confessional back in the day and he was great, place was awful. then i just went and saw ben folds. he was fabu, place was so awful! i said to myself after that, never again! i can't do it. 

maybe i should explain why i hate this place and not ramble on about how, well, i hate this place. it's just not conducive to seeing anything! the stage is super small with a wide flat floor beyond it. i think the worst thing is there's a raised platforms on either side of the floor that runs the length of the place. the platform is zig zagged so if you're on the platform you'd think you'd be able to see, but you can't. then if you're on the floor, surprise, you really can't see! so....the acoustics are awful, the lighting is awful and well...that's all i got. 

don't see a show here unless you want to not see or hear anything! my only hope is that these bands start going to the new stage ae. let's start hoping!!we're venturing into unknown territory here. the south hills.

this is off the beaten path, so you'd expect it to be a bit "neighborhood-y." like an old house converted into a restaurant. but even though it may have been an old house, it is ultra modern inside. then when you walk out back and it's a beautiful deck with a great setting in the back of the woods. 

expectations were then set high for such a pretty place. we hit a couple snafu's as a water glass was pretty dirty, then a wine glass came with floating specks of something inside. i think it might be time for a new dishwasher. but, we could shake that off with a great appetizer!

we ordered the baked brie, as it had been talked up in previous reviews. i'm no brie expert, but it just didn't have that bite it usually does. the outer crust was light and flaky, but the brie itself just didn't taste like it should. i wouldn't order it again.. womp, womp.

i ordered the seafood pasta in a tomato cream sauce. this dish was definitely the best, but still missing some flavor i thought it would have. don't get me wrong, it was good, but not great. i thought the large scallop was delicious, i just wish there was one more! there were two pieces of shrimp and mussels and a handful of crab, so it wasn't a total bust. with bistro 19 and il pizzaollo up the street, i don't think i'd be running here again anytime soon. well, maybe for the half off wine on wednesdays. that's speaking my language! plus, how you gonna mess up that?!i saw a cat circus here. it was life changing.

does that have anything to do with the grey box theater? probably not. okay, maybe a little. well. maybe a lot considering it was a nice, intimate place to view cats doing amazing things!! i was sitting in the second row on the left side and i still saw everything pretty clearly.

as my very smart friend aja j states, it would have been a bit better of they would have staggered the seats per row, but i still saw just fine. maybe if i was in the back it would have been worse, considering the last two rows were standing the entire time.

i can't blame them. it was exciting and i'd wanna see every second of it from the last row as well as the second. if you're coming here to see any type of show, i'd imagine it would be just as intimate. would it be as amazing as a cat circus? probably not. not until the next time they come into town anyway!oh razzy fresh, you dazzle me once again! i come longing for a refreshing yogurt and leave a happy lady...

today my flavor of choice was mint (a new addition from last season?) and vanilla. i realized i had just made my own frozen yogurt shamrock shake and this revelation. is life changing! toss in a couple chocolate chips and chocolate drizzle and it was perfection. at $2 and some change i didn't even feel like a glutton (the scale has topped out at 13oz before;). 

this location is way smaller than north oakland's so if you want to meet your friends for a frozen fete, meet at that one. i think i elbowed some teenagers out of the way for my helping of the good stuff. 

tis the season for frozen yogurt... see you soon snazzy razzy!shocker folks, i don't normally like hot dogs.  the only way you can hand me a hot dog i'll actually eat is if it's fresh off the grill.  with loads of ketchup...and i do mean loads, like buckets full!  if i ever think of eating a hot dog without ketchup, the world may end.  the world kinda did tonight...a little.

i ordered the new york dog and the sweetbread dog, plus the duck fat fries to split with my friend.  i had to order the nyc dog because i love me some sauerkraut.  i ordered the sweetbread dog because it had the word "sweet" in it.  no lie.  please don't judge, but i thought sweetbread was like cornbread (i see you rolling your eyes foodies!).  so i imagined this dog in between a roll that's actually corn bread...perhaps another creation mr. sousa?  anyway, i digress... the sweetbread i actually found out is...i suggest you look it up (but a hint: it deals with hearts and throats of animals).  i'm willing to try anything so biting into the sweetbread it was almost a gel like consistency and very salty.  i'm not a salty food person (a weirdo, i know!), so this wasn't my favorite thing.  

what was my favorite thing was the nyc dog.  i know, traditional, but the dog itself was absolutely high grade meat.  it was not your typical microwaved wiener.  the sauerkraut was the right amount of tangy and crunch.  and i swear, i only put a dab of ketchup on!  probably because i wanted to enjoy the taste of the grain mustard, which i have really become a fan of as of late.  total winner!

the duck fat fries were good, but i enjoy them a bit more crispy.  i dumped ketchup on them.  i should really just shut up about the ketchup....

this really is a great, fast and fairly cheap option for the east end area.  when me and the hubby are heading over there to volunteer at the animal rescue league we need something fast, but something that will also taste good.  surprisingly, there's not many options.  but now, we're saved!  good thing we're not eating dogs and then going to see dogs, we only volunteer with the cats...phew!another south side bar, another notch on my south side bar belt! 

so being that it's a bar located in the great city of pittsburgh, i expect specials! really dirt cheap specials is just the icing, or shall we say slightly foamy head, on the beer. 

$2 you call it, or in layman's terms, stick to beer unless you don't mind bottom shelf liquor.  beggars can't be choosers here! i'll take it!  they had a delish blue moon summer ale on tap that i highly recommend. 

i may be a little bit of a weirdo about this, but once the special began they stopped serving the drafts in glasses and switched to barely 16 oz cups. boo!  i'm not at a frat party! 

the service is great until it got packed, then you have to start looking really eager for your beer and make direct eye contact or you won't get noticed.  it would help to beef up the bartenders to at least 3 or 4, instead of two swamped girlies. 

a closer look at the specials menu and it looks as if everyday is $2 drinks.  you call it friday 10-midnight and saturday 9-11.  special bonus on thursdays $1 blue moons from 10-midnight!  hi new fav cheap place!

$2 dolla make-a you holla! and potentially make you intoxicated.seriously, a beautiful theater! i mean, i'd hope so...it's brand new!

i love the way every little thing is screaming with detail.  the outside entrance is a huge "a." the hallways arch and curve in a truly modern way. the different colors of purple flow through the whole place. there's famous sculptures on display in the hallways. but i haven't even gotten to the good part!

the theater is amazing! i love an intimate theater, i want to see the performers sweat! and in this theater you do!  there's only about 400-500 seats and honestly anywhere you sit you're going to get a good view.  the stage isn't narrow and small, it's long so even if you're in the corners you'll see the action.  

it's pretty amazing to have such a fantastic tribute to the playwright august wilson i the city.  i know it's a strong presence to have in the city and i hope they're around for many years to come forming their own voice in the theater community in the burgh.  

if you're ever contemplating seeing something here, please do, you'll have a fantastic experience viewing experience.  if you're ever invited to an event here, do it!  you'll be in awe of the gorgeous space!in my recent shopping adventures i've realized there's a lot of hidden vintage stores that aren't advertised as vintage.  they may have some new and they may have some old, but one things for sure, they have a lot of really unique and fun merchandise!

the one thing that really stood out was the fun tea and tea sets.  i'm always a sucker for anything tea related, to get in check with me english side of course!  one of the really cool things they offer is individual republic brand tea bags sold in cute packaging.  this is ideal if you're looking to try out a new flavor of tea and aren't sure if you'll like it.  it's also a really cute gift to give to someone with, say, a cute tea cup.  

they also have a lot of gift offerings such as cards, fun magnets and eccentric purses and key chains.  but the really fun part is they also have vintage jewelry mixed in.  i'm a sucker for any selection of vintage jewelry, so this a nice treat!

if you're on the hunt for eclectic gift items or vintage accessories for perhaps....yourself (yep, i said it!) visit this cute little shop!i've been wanting to come here for a little bit, but had never had the opportunity until the other day.  i was sad to visit a couple days after the holidays when i want pasta.  okay, i did want it, but i had just eaten my weight in shrimp cocktail and stuffing in the last couple days.  i decided to venture in anyway, looking for a pasta alternative....

the place is really tiny, but super cute.  very dimly lit, with romantical candle light.  a great place for a date out with your boo!  the server is also really great.  our bartender had only been there for three weeks but was already knowledgeable and praising the food.  

the salad menu looked decent.  at around $10-$15 a pop i was hoping for a decent sized salad, but secretly thinking i'd end up with a house size salad instead.  so me and aja j ordered the polenta and gulf fried shrimp.  the sauce was delicious!  although i thought the pencatta was a little too cooked, the rest of the dish was excellent!  a great starter!

for my salad pick, i was really tempted to go with the tomato salad, but stayed away, since my beloved tomato's are no longer in season.  i opted for the grilled salmon salad.  it came with a honey bourbon glaze, chevre, blueberries and citrus vinaigrette.  i honestly didn't expect much from the salad, but the perfectly cooked salmon mixed with the berries and cheese was ah-maz-ing!  honestly, you can easily make a boring salad, but this was anything but!  i would strongly suggest this for a lunch or light dinner option.  you won't be dissatisfied for not picking pasta, i promise:)

hot tip:  it's so tiny you really should make reservations if your intent is to eat here.  we stopped in on a tuesday night on a whim and the tables were all taken, so we sat at the bar.  not a big deal, but if you want a guaranteed table, call ahead.i have mixed feelings about this place. there may have been something to the fact that the last time we were here was on a very cold snowy night in the dead of winter, but it was literally dead. i've been here when it's packed on friday at happy hour, because they do have some great specials. i hate when there's specials on drinks but not food. i need good deals, and these are some great deals! 

i also had my bachelorette party here. it was incredibly hard to get a hold of someone to plan the event. we finally did make set plans and when we got there the spread was incredible. it was only $30 per person with heavy appetizers, dessert and 2 complimentary drinks. plus they have a very large private section for large parties, so it was nice to have our own little space. 

the one thing that's consistent is that the dj is really good! so i would say stick to happy hours here and avoid the dead zone, aka winter months.i can't give medexpress 5 stars. i just can't. if they would have miraculously healed me on the spot, 5 stars would be awarded... but they did not. 

i seriously liked them better than my doctors office! they're friendly, helpful and seem to care. plus, they're high tech with their little ipads and wifi in the waiting room, which i appreciated!

so, let's say you trip over the wedges you were wearing the night before and totally jack up your foot. thinking you would definitely not get into your regular doctor, and not a chance in h-e-double hockey stix you're going to the er, this is your next best choice. come to find out this is your best choice! 

who knew they not only take x-rays, but also set you up with prescriptions they can fill in house, give you crutches and a make-shift splint and make you an appointment to the specialist you need for later that day. i sure didn't. although the news was not so great, with the diagnosis of a broken foot, the doctor was so kind even after i started bawling my eyes out. 

and while i wish i wasn't so clumsy, or i never got sick, i'm so glad this is an easy and comfortable option to have!i felt like i was walking into an old man's club. basically because it was all old men and us four ladies eating breakfast. apparently old men appreciate a bountiful breakfast, because that's what you get! 

the servings are incredible! they're massive, so get ready to eat and maybe not eat again that day! i really wanted just a basic breakfast with all the fixins, so i ordered the bountiful breakfast: two eggs, home fries, and sweet sausage. i opted to order a chocolate chip pancake instead of having the italian toast the breakfast came with because you know... i didn't already have enough food!

everything was as expected for a greasy spoon diner. greasy and good. i thought the pancake was delicious with tons of chocolate chips! and at around $8ish bucks this was a steal!since pa has such wonky beer and liquor laws it's always essential to be located by one of these fine establishments.  i mean, i guess it's not essential...but it's a nice perk!  

the guys here are very nice and helpful when it comes to picking out a great beer.  did you know there's a $95 case of pumpkin beer?!  must be one heck of a beer!  no, i did not get that (but i wish i did!). 

you're also able to get a keg (reservation fee $30, but you get it back when you return the keg) and all the instruments that go with it (tap, tub, etc.).  they'll even special order you local pittsburgh brands like church and penn brewery.  

i'm a beer drinker, but i wouldn't say i'm a bulk beer buyer, so all the info these guys gave me was helpful.  most people may know this, but you can only buy cases of beer here, no six packs.  

happy beer swilling!dear friends,

this is an absolutely stunning park.  i'll visit often now that i've realized this.  only thing is, i was told to be at the chapel pavilion and i figured....easy.  not so much....not so much....

the park has a couple roads that run through the actual grounds.  a couple of those, as i found out today, are dead ends.  also, you can't technically follow along the outside of the park because it zigs and zags all the way around.  i zigged and zagged my way around that park past million dollar homes and sketch neighborhoods (funny how it changes so much up there).  i was scared, i was alone, i was petrified.  

so handy dandy technology helped me a bit because i was able to finally locate a map of the park and the road i wanted to take to find the chapel pavilion.  so a half an hour later i show up.  good thing the party hadn't ended(or started since i wasn't there yet, what what!).  

once i got there i was able to appreciate my surroundings.  it's a lucscious green masterpiece filled with trees, grass and hills galore.  great if you want a good work out or a semi-hike.  or just settle in on one of the hills, relax and read a book.  there's a cute little playground to bring the kiddies.  plus, you're able to rent out the church pavilion for special events, which i read was an actual church back in the day.  

just for god's sake, print out a map!  be warned!

unicorns and rainbows,

rachelfast and furious. can i use that for an oil change reference? 

this is my first time to hit up a jiffy lube so i had no idea what to expect, other than it should be done in a jiffy, right? i usually get my oil change at the mechanic during inspection and usually when my car breaks (a couple times a year). so to say i'm not up on my oil changes is an understatement (shhh don't tell my dad!). 

but honestly, this might make me actually be on time with them knowing how easy it was. i came in during the week around 11:30am. i know, i'm lucky to be able to do this during the week to begin with. there were probably about 3 people ahead of me. 15-20 minutes later i was out the door!

bonus, they have free wifi! so i sat with my computer and worked while i waited. an oil change was $29.99. that's just the basic. i had a couple other extras done (coolant, wipers changed, etc.) so it ended up costing me more than just the change, but i didn't think it was too bad. 

now maybe my car won't break as often (not likely). here's hoping!ridiculous in every way....

i've been parking at the meters downtown for about 10 years.  when i was going to school at point park and i had to pop into school for something or even go to a quick hour long class i'd usually park at the meters because it was cheaper than parking in a garage.  long gone are those days!

i just recently went downtown for a quick lunch and decided to park at a meter....well actually,  was in a hurry and the 3rd ave garage was full.  so i plunked in a quarter and watched the digital meter say 5.  what?! it hit me right then that i would probably never park at a downtown meter again.  seriously ridic!  i mean, i thought 7 minutes for .25 was a bit much....but this takes the cake....the whole delicious cake, right away!

i know there's been an ongoing debate about keeping the meters being enforced until 10pm (which was revoked temporarily), but if that goes back into effect it's like saying to anyone who lives outside of downtown: "don't bother coming downtown because if you do we're going to charge the heck out of you!"  

i won't even get into the parking garages.  i'll just say this...do they really want us downtown?  how are we going to keep the revitalization going if we can't even afford to park there!!i wish so much that i could give this 5 stars!  i wish so much i could sit and work here for hours!  i wish so much... that they had internet!  that's the whomp, whomp moment right there...

the cafe is adorable, set inside the beautiful chatham village.  chatham village in mt. w is like this little victorian colony of townhouses that you would never imagine are hidden up there.  but they're there.  and the residents are lucky enough to enjoy this adorable little coffee house right next door.

but it's so much more than a coffee house.  they have a huge menu full of lunch offerings besides the drink menu.  the drink menu alone is impressive for a small, hidden cafe.  i ordered the roast beef panini with horsey sauce.  it was tasty and came with chips and a little bowl of oranges.  at $7, it was a steal!  

living up here i'd make this my go to meeting and work spot but it doesn't have wireless internet.  i hate to be a spoiled millennials (okay, i'm barely that), but that's kinda annoying.  maybe it's just that environment where it's not necessarily needed.  don't know.  but i'll be back for a quick bite with friends fo sho!this is the burgh's mini rockefeller center!  i get so excited when i see the rink going up every year around october.  it's one of the best things to do around the holidays regardless of if you have kids, going with friends or date.  remember that it will be the most crowded friday-sunday and also you'll be paying around $10 including skates.  but it's worth it at least once a year!i can't wait for the remodel... a drive through window will satisfy all my needs!!!! then i'll update my review. for now, i will say that i love eat n' park, as it has a special place in my heart. but this visit was not a perfect 5. 

our order was somehow "lost" as we waited starving (after a late night event). our server was super nice, so it was hard to be mad. plus, she offered us dessert, so we really couldn't be mad. 

once we got our meals, i was slightly bummed. my turkey sandwich, which was "promised" to be "just like a primanti's" with turkey instead was sad. it had maybe two fries on it, as well as maybe two pieces of cabbage that didn't resemble coleslaw. 

but man, that orea cream pie was to die for! and she gave us 3 pieces to split. so that is how you earn my love back eat n' park!pa is so goofy with their alcohol laws! i could only purchase two six packs in one purchase. then i had to purchase a third separately and the cashier had to literally walk me outside to give me the third six pack. 

aside from the amish laws imposed, i was very happy with the selection. i'm new to the idea of just grabbing individual beers (oviously i include paying for it), and going, but i'm so into it now. i had my own personal beer tasting party! individual beers will run you around $2-3 and the fancy schmancy type framboise's up to $5 . 

some of the ones i choose were blue point toasted lager, blue moon spring blonde wheat ale and fort collins chocolate stout. i was super into the fort collins and the blue point was ok. blue moon was a little too....predictable blue moon. 

i feel like this is an adult candy store. minus the candy and plus the alcohol content!as i'm writing this the day after i was here....my breathe is still kickin. 

garlic breathe be damned through three teeth brushing cycles and 2 mouth wash swishes. but it was worth it. so sorry for whoever has to talk to me the next day..... 

i had heard so many good things about this place that it had been on my places to try list for a while now. it absolutely did not disappoint! thanks to carrie l.'s suggestion, i got the mediterranean lamb plate. the lamb was cooked to perfection and surprisingly had little fat for lamb. the rice was also fantastic, because who doesn't love a little sprinkle of pine nuts on top!? i was really not too keen about the greek yogurt sauce but loved the garlic sauce (hence the garlic dragon breathe!). 

the decor inside is also really cute! i love the glass accent pieces and i really wanted to keif the little vases with cute wooden flowers on our table. since i try not steal....i did not....don't worry! 

for a mediterranean place to also be famous for desserts is a big surprising. but i had also heard many good things about their choice of cakes and cheesecakes. i had just been to the factory of cheese earlier in the week so i opted for a coconut cake. i love me some coconut and it was the perfect combo of moist cake and coconut! yum-o! 

they need a location downtown! i have to hike it to the burbs or squirrel hill for my fix now. but it'll be oh so worth it!another gorgeous theater in the pittsburgh cultural district!  i just love the grandiose feel of this place.  red velvet everywhere.  elaborate chandeliers.  beautiful marble staircases.  it just oozes history, glamor and class!

which is funny considering i saw a rock concert here....kinda.  my very first time at heinz hall was for the ben folds concert.  he was touring the country and being accompanied by different symphonies.  for this performance he was paired with the pittsburgh symphony orchestra (the resident symphony here at heinz hall).  it was an incredible show....his songs fit in perfectly with the huge symphony.  i'm not necessarily a fan of classical music but i was blown away by the whole performance.

the seating in the theater is incredibly tight, as are a lot of the older theaters around town.  just know that if you have any issues you may want to sit on an aisle.  i'm a die hard orchestra (floor) seating fan so i was a little nervous to sit in the balcony for this show.  i don't know if it was the type of show (compared to a broadway or dance show where i literally want to see them sweat) but being elevated didn't bother me a bit.  it actually gave me a great scope of the whole venue and performance.  

i'd be interested to see an actual broadway show here (because they do share the venue with the trust productions as well) so i'm sure if i see something come in that entices me i'll be there again!  

special note:  they have a beautiful patio outside that they just remodeled.  if you have an event or small wedding this would be a perfect spot to have an intimate affair in the warmer months!my time here was short and my order was small but i was very impressed with the whole experience!  service is extremely friendly, with everyone greeting you, asking how you are, if you need anything and just plain being nice.  i love that!  plus, the "to go" is represented well with fast and prompt delivery of the goods... the food i mean!

i was craving a chicken salad sandwich and surprise, it was on the menu as a raspberry almond chicken salad served on a croissant.  done!  the salad part was very tasty, with enough mayo to satisfy my saucy needs, but not too little to make it dry.  the croissant was so moist and buttery.  it wasn't firm by any means, so the sandwich kinda fell apart.  it didn't matter tome though because it was very good!  

i loved the help yourself iced tea as well.  they had two different kinds, a sweetened peach and regular unsweetened tea.  the peach was incredibly sweet so i mixed the two and it was just perfect.  

i can't wait to go back and order up more items on their menu and also stop by bistro soul that's connected to this one.  and try this wonderful $10 brunch buffet i've heard so much about!i had heard rumors about these delicious tacos.  but i didn't really fully understand it until i had them today.  today i fully understood their deliciousness.  

it's such a simple thing.  one stands at taco stand.  one looks over delicious looking meat.  one chooses between a couple different delicious looking meat including steak and onions, sausage and pork.   one receives taco and walks over to a neat and clean looking buffet of delicious looking toppings.  these toppings include salsa, salsa verde, gauc, tomatoes and onions.  one devours tacos in an animal like fashion because... they're delicious!

so for serious, they rocked my world!  and at $2 a pop you can buy a ton without breaking the bank!  i had the steak and the pork.  i liked the pork more because it was uber flavorful.  i also loved the toppings bar because i love to dump toppings on as well.  although at two tacos i stuffed myself and was full for hours (which does not usually happen!).  

do they beat out reyna's tacos?  my answer would be they're on par but on different levels because they're just a different style.  that's just my observation.  the more taco stands, the merrier if you ask me.  bring it tacos!braddock's should be admired for it's dedication to buying local.  everything is described to you by friendly servers with where things come from.  very impressive.  especially for a hotel restaurant!  i think a lot of people have a common misconception that all hotel restaurants must be a chain of some sort.  it's nice that the renaissance welcomes them in. 

the outer part of braddock's is just a bar area or "braddock's streetside."  the back part of braddock's is a fancy dining room.  it's really quite gorgeous inside.  i couldn't pass up a tasty looking beet salad so i ordered one up.  it's a beautiful presentation with two unassuming fried goat cheese balls.  but holy crap were those some amazing balls!!  the beets were good, don't get me wrong... and i liked shallot vinaigrette, but those cheese balls... star of the show!  

i'd come back just for a plate full of those, even though i know it wouldn't be the healthiest option!  i definitely want to come back for dinner and get some of the other delicious sounding items and perhaps a cocktail.  it would be a nice date night spot.  maybe even a romantical evening stay downtown at the hotel as well!  fried cheese balls included in that package please!this breakfast is gonna last you alllllll day in vegas because it's supersized! i mean, holy crap is it a large portion. i realize they have a "man vs food" item, but honestly, it could all be "stomach vs food" entrees. 

but the real test is, is it good? and i can happily say it is! honestly, the only reason i'm not giving it five stars is because my main entree wasn't my favorite. but let me explain. not realizing how large the portions were, i ordered the salmon and cream cheese hash, with me and my mom splitting the brown sugar and banana pancakes. to be honest, i really wanted the pancake, but i always feel guilty not getting a little protein in my meal. so i went with the "healthy" (i know, it's laughable) salmon dish. 

the salmon was a bit dry and i didn't really like the whole mix of salmon, cream cheese and hash. my mom ordered the mushroom hash, which i, of course, tried. it was much better! but the pancake was awesome! i should have just sucked up my pride and just ordered that. it's honestly one massive pancake, that would have equaled three medium sized ones. it was one of the best i've ever had! 

i liked the fact that while you waited they have a sole bar dedicated to bloody mary's! and they are gooooood! i swear, i'd come up there just to get a bloody mary and head back down and go about my day. it was one of the best i've ever had, packed with olives, pickles and a bean! plus, it was the right amount of spice. 

speaking of waiting. you will wait. and wait. and wait. we waited an hour to sit and then another hour for food. we came around 10am on a sunday, which i'm sure is prime brunch time. i'd highly suggest going in later, but you'll probably always have a wait here. it was worth it though!holy portions batman!! 

this was my second trip to salem's and second foray into middle eastern food per say and i wanted to stick with something simple.  i love me some lamb and i love me some rice.  so bam, done! 

my friend, who i was with, is very educated on the subject of salem's so i let her decide the dish for me.  i swear she said the dishes name to me three times and i still can't remember what it was called, technically.  so take note, i will be updating with the name!  i told the guy i love lamb so he dished out four big portions of lamb chops.  he won me over right there! 

the first time i went i was a little on the fence about the place.  i ordered a lamb (of course) gyro.  it had way too much lamb and not enough veggies.  i like lamb, but not that much!  plus, i think i may be used to getting them at fairs where they dump a ton of that sauce (greek, ranch, who knows, it's good!) into it.  so this was just ok for me. 

second adventure in, success! 

i love spicy foods, but i'm a mess eating them.  i cry.  i snot.  see....a hot mess.  but i still do it anyway!  so i blew my nose through the whole helping.  i seriously wolfed the whole thing down.  it was very good!  i know cumin is a very prominent spice in these sort of dishes but i'm not a fan of a ton of it, because then the dish gets too sweet.  it had just the right touch of it! 

i always stare at the desserts, so i really need to splurge soon. hello, who doesn't like baklava!?  good thing it's only a block from work.  there will be many more trips, perhaps to walk off the calories of future baklava purchases and consumption!cute little coffee shop set up amidst row houses in the mexican war streets.  seriously, everything has to be adorable on the war streets... it's just such a charming neighborhood!

i was stoked to see that tea is only $2! like all tea any size! that's unheard of in the age of starbucks. i feel bad to even complain, but i wish there were a tad more tea choices, but i realize i am in a coffee shop, so there's always that to deal with:)  no worries, because my english breakfast was just fine with me.

i liked the set up with lots of tables and chairs and two huge tables that are nice for meetings or if you want to spread out. they're also right up against the windows so it's a nice spot to park it for the day and work, or spy on people... you never know!

i had heard so much about the coffee cakes that i had just had to indulge, i mean, i would have done myself a disservice to not!  i purchased the raspberry coffee cake. it was moist, fresh and best of all had an ample amount of icing on top. you really can't forget the joy of icing!

i need to go back because i purchased an almond cupcake with cream cheese and forgot it! how could i, right!? i assume the dude behind the counter was the owner, so hopefully he'll remember me... but if he doesn't i'll probably buy another one because i need that cupcake in my life, it looked so delish! so in the words of the terminator, i'll be back!i've been to a lot of the various disappointing restaurants around the north shore.  this one, didn't by any means blow me over, but it didn't totally disgust me (see tilted kilt review).

i had been staring at the place for months during my walks around the north shore or heading to a ball game.  there are windows that open up to the outside were they sit people bar style in the warmer months.  it's pretty cool looking and a really great idea.  i was always intrigued, but never able to stop by.  i'm definitely going to choose this place next summer!  but i digress....

we stopped here after a party one night to grab a drink and some snacks.  it's a pretty wide open space to grab a big table for drinks.  our server came up to us immediately to get us a round of drinks.  the pumpkin beer i ordered tasted like yuengling...a little disappointed, but not the bars fault, just the mysterious brew.  however, the car bomb we ordered tasted delish, so all was forgotten (literally?!).  

i didn't eat any food but what was ordered looked like pretty decent bar food.  i was a little put off by the fact that the "bucket" of fish and chips weren't filled completely.  they put a bowl on the bottom and wax paper between to "fill" it all the way.  pretty cheap if you ask me.  

i'm going to go back and get the food....because the atmosphere was decent.  and decent for the north shore is all we gots right now!i would never say i"m a pizza connoisseur, but i know what kind i like. i do not like pizza hut, a hot greasy mess. i thought slice on broadway in beechview tasted like cardboard. but i love adrian's in bloomfield because they have crazy concoctions. so you can trust me, i've been around the pizza block.

for molly's, i needed a couple tastes. i went in when it had just changed over from adrian's, and i think i was just pissed they changed ownership, so i didn't like it. i've been twice more since moving to dormont and i can confidently say i'm a fan! i like pizza that has a lot of sauce and a doughy crust. this pizza has both! plus, they have fresh mushroom toppers, which is a plus considering a lot of places will throw on that canned crap. ew!

this last time we also tried their molly's bread. it's ooey gooey cheesy bread and it was good. a bit greasy, but greasy in a good way and not a gross way, i promise! they also include a huge cup of sauce, which is a plus on my part because i love extra sauce!

thank god i can put faith in this joint's pizza once again!people looking to open up a coffee shop in pittsburgh have it made!  want a homey feel?  buy a house and convert it into a business!  want a beautiful molded ceiling?  already there!  want character? it's built in.

get the point?  this place has history and i love it!  lots of books line the walls, but little trinkets decorate the walls and ample seating, including comfy chairs, make it a prime spot for work or a casual meet up.  they also have a killer outdoor patio that actually offers power for your laptop too, which is a total plus if you want to hang in the pretty space.

they have all the normal coffee, tea and soda offerings (yay for italian soda!). i went with an iced vanilla latte and it was perfect.  the dude who seemed to be the owner was incredible friendly and even had his fluffy friendly dog with him.  if you're looking for a furry friend to break up the work day, this doggie is looking for attention!  

the food they were making for breakfast and lunch smelled awesome, so i'm looking forward to stopping back for some bites.omg! seriously, brilliant name for a bunch of doughnuts. but not just any doughnuts. delicious little bites of heaven! they rotate, so for this visit i was able to try the cinnamon sugar zeppolli and orange coconut. both were fantastic, with the cinnamon being the best of both. 

next up was the main meal. i don't know how i could possibly decide, as everything up on the chalkboard menu looked tantalizing. i'm always wary of ordering anything other than pancakes or french toast for brunch, because it's usually always a good thing (and my fave brunch items), but the hash just looked too good to pass up. especially a hash with brussells and bacon. so i went for it.

and guess what? it was stellar! probably the best non-pancake/french toast brunch i've ever enjoyed. ever! it was mixed with onions, peppers and packed with flavor. with two massive eggs over easy and a delicious toasted piece of bread, i was trying not to lick the plate. 

everything was so stellar that i'm looking forward to my next visit. i want everything there! completely lived up to the hype and i want more!i really don't find too many hotel restaurants that impress me. to be honest, most are downright awful (mitchell's cough cough).  but habitat seems to try and break that mold.  you can't beat the beautiful views and there's definitely a classy feel to the place.  i felt out of place a bit among all the suits.  but you won't find me suiting up anytime soon, don't you worry!

they have a stellar lunch special called the "express lunch."  you order a soup or salad, sandwich and dessert for $16 (just soup/salad and sammie is $10).  i reeeeeally wanted to go for the dessert option, but since i'm trying to watch the sweets i stayed away.  i settled on the beet salad and butternut squash soup.  the beets were presented in a way i had never seen before.  it was probably a full beet and half (i'm very aware of how much beet they server since i'm a beet nerd) with goat cheese and lettuce and honey drizzled on top.  it was different, but good.  i really liked that you could add on a protein to the salad, so i opted for the ahi tuna.  it wasn't bad either, not the best i've had, but not bad.  the butternut squash soup was also good, but was missing the really creamy consistency i enjoy.  it was creamy, but just a tad off.  

i believe our waiter wanted to sit down and enjoy the meal with us, he was so present.  that kinda sets the stage for how attentive their service here is.  i mean, your glass gets below the halfway mark and they're there.  you order, give them your menu, blink and then your lunch is in front of you.  seriously, that's some attentive service.

side note: the water pitcher is a "trademarked" silver frog that an artist designed for them.  it's seriously adorable and you can buy one for the low price of $150 (i know, not low) but the proceeds go to habitat for humanity, which makes the purchase awesome!  you can also put your business card in for a free one!

i would definitely try out the dinner at some point, i think it would be a really romantic date night spot.  maybe they can wow me at dinner.  i feel like they're just on the cusp on doing that...this review is for the spa only. as a local it's not going to be very likely i'll stay here, but it's definitely going to be highly likely i'll come back for a massage! 

honestly this may have been the best one i've ever had! it was also very different than i've experienced before. first off, i had a male masseuse. i've only had women. i don't know if this says men are better masseuses than women (i mean, we're pretty much better at everything!), but i might request a dude next time!

second, he listened to the fact that i said i'm tense in my neck, so he worked on that for a bit, but he also did an all over massage too. i hate when you tell them one thing you need work on and that's all they do for an hour.

third, he did this breathing technique where he was trying to get me to relax and slow my breathing down. it was actually quite calming. i'm so glad i know the spa is now an option to go to, and not just for hotel guests. plus you can use the gym and sauna! love the eucalyptus steam room!!seriously folks, i'm not messin' around when i say this is one of thee best meals i've had in the burgh!  forget that they're all vegetarian, forget that it could potentially be "off the beaten path" in homestead, just remember to get your booty there fast!

everything from the cute little ambiance (hello back courtyard in the spring!), the adorable owner and the scrumptious food... i just couldn't get enough!  to start i ordered the pumpkin martini.  when i think pumpkin drink, i'm thinking creamy, but this was light but spicy and all around delicious with a cinnamon rim.  for an app we ordered the brie plate with fresh fruit on top and an ah-mazing loaf of bread that just had to be house made.  i really wanted to gobble the entire loaf down, the entire!

for dinner i ordered the risotto in a portabella cap on a bead of greens. this sounds like a simple dish, but it was anything but!  the risotto was creamy with a light texture of what i believe was cheddar and possibly parm cheese.  the cap was grilled to perfection.  but the greens...something you'd almost toss on as a garnish, were cooked to perfection with a delicious lemon garlic sauce.  wow!  i almost wanted to as how they cooked it because i wanted to recreate it at home (even though i knew i probably couldn't, let's be honest!).  

everything.  just... wow!  toss in the half off shots when the fire bells alarm and we had a magical evening at tin front.  oh wait, add one extremely friendly owner and you've got an amazing restaurant.  i will most certainly be back...maybe like tomorrow!hmpf. that's me sighing right now. another murban (modern + urban) shopping center plopped right in the middle of the "old" shopping area. southside has such an eclectic mix of stores on e. carson between 10th and 26th streets. so the works was plunked in at the end of these blocks on 27th st. and was made into a kinda sorta weird mix of stores and restaurants. 

you've got the reasonably priced forever 21 or forever 31 for those of us who like to shop there, but need to justify shopping with 14 year olds. plus the cheapie h & m, nine west and....that's really it. the overpriced hipster urban outfitters. steve madden i would say is not cheap unless you hit up the sale which i, of course, run straight for! i get bitter thinking about how overpriced black house/white market is. i really love everything in there but i refuse to spend $120 for a cocktail dress. ok, i'm cheap, you get it! 

then there's the extremely pricey bcbg. the only way i shop in there is if i have an event to go to because let's face it, they do have some beautiful dresses that make me feel pretty and of course importanto! remember people, i sift through clothes at gab's, so it's hard for me to spend over $25 for things. i guess while i'm on the overpriced kick i can also mention sur la table. it's such a cool kitchen store but $14 for a decorated spatula? um, i'll stick to the $1.99 target one, thanks. then there's....oh wait....everything else closed! 

ann taylor - closed 
joseph beth bookstore -closed 
random luggage store i can't remember the name - closed 

have any new stores opened up in the last year? nope. that's kinda sad. 

what is good about the works is the restaurants. i try to keep it local when eating out but i'm a sucker for the cheesecake factory. please don't blame me. i freakin love me some cheesecake! and really, i've never had one bad meal there. plus, there's like a 30 page menu so usually i can flip to a rando page and be happy with my choice. doesn't matter, all good! oh, and try the pineapple upside down cheesecake! mccormick and schmick's is also a good chain seafood restaurant. they actually have a pretty killer happy hour. you can get a burger for $2.95! it may be the same price as a mcdonald's burger, but it's much better! aaaaaand for the most important factoid, cheap drinks! 

the new addition to the works is hofbrauhaus. pittsburgheons can feel very special because it's only one of seven in the us. the food was super gross, not gonna lie, and i really do love german food. but the beer....wait....let's back up and just talk about the mug! the mug is 32 ounces of pure german fun! believe me, i've seen the bottom of that glass! the best time to go is in the summer because they have this great outdoor area right along the river with huge picnic tables and a very large bar. it's great to go with a group of friends and drink and drink and drink. 

the cinema is one of my favorites in the city. the reason being that it's not busy or filled with hooligans. popcorn's buttery, cushy seats 'nough said! 

so technically i'd have to rate the shopping with a 3 star and the restaurants a 4. it's usually the other way around. good shopping, bad food court ickiness. you win some you loose some. so go get a beer and cheesecake. maybe don't do that in the same day though...,dear south side works,

you just keep sinking lower and lower into the black hole of empty store fronts!  our first and only steve madden store in the pittsburgh area, closed.  now i see nine west has shut their doors too.  and tusca....looked pretty closed for biznas (must have been those pesky rat droppings).  

geez, get your act together!  they're definitely not doing something right.  will it be redeemed somehow or will it just fade into empty storefront oblivion?

the original south side, on carson st. is still hustlin' and bustlin' with cool restaurants, unique shops and bars.  i say they just bulldoze the works and keep with the original carson st theme!  easy....right?!  

the only hope i see at this point is the la fitness coming into the old joseph beth store in december.  as a mt. w resident, this is awesome news considering there's no close gyms with easy parking.  we'll see though...can a gym solve all of ssw problems?  kinda doubt it.this store has a mish mosh of just about everything.  you want vintage clothing, they've got it, you want new apparel, they've got it, you want reworked vintage that's now "new...the owner actually makes it!  you want local pittsburgh designers, they sell 'em!  you want to get your hair did?  head to the back where there's a salon waiting for you!

i can't review the salon part, but i can say that i've been in here multiple times for clothing and it's always a fun experience.  they have some pretty awesome 70's and 80's vintage dresses that i'm surprised they were able to scoop up (and i'm sure doesn't last long in the store).  the prices are pretty standard for vintage from $25-50 and all newer stuff under $50.  

they also have a plethora of jewelry, again both old, new and reworked.  a lot of it is quirky, like real glasses attached to beads and old vintage pins reworked into necklaces.  i really dug the reworked vintage.  there was some beautiful pieces that worked well together.  a little pricey, but i'd say worth it for how unique it was.  as kat m said, there's also a ton of really awesome rings.  one that i thought was super cute was miniature animals made into rings.  it was just so creative and adorable!  

a must on your butler street ventures!i mean....it is what it is.  a bar, that's on the north shore, by the stadium.  'nough said, right?  ok, maybe not....

the food, unremarkable.  the drinks, you know...normal offerings.  the chick bartenders, dressed to impress...the dudes.  

i wish there was more to say or better yet, more to do on the north shore, but it just hasn't happened yet.  i'm waiting...i'll be here.  you know where to find me!i like this location is much better than the friendship one for many different reasons.  same beers, but totally different vibe!  

the beer emporium is more of a bar kinda bar.  bar food, bar atmosphere.  this bistro location has a better variety and i think better tasting food.  plus the atmosphere is a lot more inviting.  couches in the front to relax at, nice sized bar and clean restaurant area.  hence the bistro title!

i love their dried cherry almond chicken salad platter and grilled portobello panini.  of course for the tasty and indulgy choice i go for the buffalo bites aka wings.  the menu here has much more to offer than the emporium does!

i always love a good deal for happy hour, so thank gawd they have half off belgian beers.  if you love to indulge in the beers but think, like me, that they're too gosh darn expensive regularly, you can take advantage of the half off!  it may mean that framboise you lust after could be yours for $5!ohhhhhh razzy fresh you've met your match!!  

maybe it's because i can't actually stand in front of the machines like i do at razzy fresh and decide against the fattening cake batter yogurt.  four choices written on a dry erase board.  

the only one my eyes went to was ny cheesecake.  of course!  it's like picking the most expensive thing on the menu....except this time it's the worst for you.  

but gosh darnit, it was goooood!  i'm hooked!  pile on the brownie bits and sprinkles and i'm in.  that's how i roll, healthy yogurt turned bad but oh so good!have you ever thought of opening up a cider house in your living room?  if you have, these people actually made it a reality!  having read all the fab reviews of this place, and also having an affinity for all things cider (and perhaps alcoholic), i had to try it out for myself! 

you walk in and it's a rustic feel, with dark wood everywhere.  the 8 daily offerings advertised on a chalkboard are just asking to be sampled.  they vary from bone dry to sweet and everywhere in between.  the bone dry pear tasted a lot like champagne and the concord grape tasted like sparkling grape juice.  i was a big fan of their popular archibold's amber, that they're now serving in around 8 local restaurants (winghart's, fat heads, kaya and a slew of others).  

the real winner of the day was the off dry alfred's pear...in sorbet form!  alcoholic cider sorbet!!!!  can you tell how excited i am (let me include a couple more exclamation points)!!!!  so good!  we also ended up with a growler full of the alfred's pear for about $15 to enjoy at home.  

the owners are incredibly friendly and informative on the different ciders they offer.  they receive all their cider/apples from soergel's in north hills.  i, for one, was very excited, being a big fan of soergel's in general.  i'm very happy to hear they're just growing and growing and hopefully will be around for a long time to enjoy a successful business and for me to enjoy their delicious cider!as a smart man once said: "once it hits your lips it tastes so good!"

that sums up everything about la gourmandine bakery!  the delicacies in the case looked scrumptious, it's hard to choose one... so i choose two!  i bought the dlice de pistache and paris-brest.  the dlice de pistache is choux dough covered with pistachio mousseline and topped with dark chocolate.  i had planned on only taking a bite.  that did not happen.  in fact, as soon as i took the first bite i was floating away towards the pearly gates of heaven!  it was just divine!  the choux dough was light and almond tasting, the pistachio mousseline was fluffy and distinctly tasted of pistachio (i hate when fillings don't taste like what they should) and the chocolate just topped off my dessert decent!  

the paris-brest is choux dough filled with hazelnut cream.  it actually looks almost like a doughnut.  it was the same heavenly taste!  they're actually very similar but different shapes.  the hazlenut again was distinct and the choux dough was light with a slight crisp to it.  i would say my fave had to be the dlice de pistache though.  but both were fantasmic!

i also grabbd a sandwich, which was very good as well... but i didn't want to mention that first because i was too excited about th desserts!  i had the le campagnard, which is a french baguette with mayonnaise, turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, and swiss cheese.  the baguette was incredible, and i don't normally even like them.  too hard to chew.  even though it was a baguette, you could tell it was freshly baked that day, so it didn't have that stale taste a baguette from say, panera, would have.  i'm glad they offer lunch, because it's a chance to grab a quick sammich and bring home dessert for later... or stuff your face with it then!surprisingly good for pretty much the only food option on premise. other surprise, it was relatively healthy options too! 

i kinda just guessed it would be all fried foods, maybe because it's the south, sorry i'm assuming. i got the portobello sandwich with peppers, onions,
balsamic on a wheat roll. see, they even upped the ante with a wheat bun! and it was good! the basil green beans were an excellent choice to round out my healthy meal!

now back to sweating it out on the rope course! crap, let's sweat out that beer i had too... whoops!i cannot believe i've waited this long to come here!  i passed it on butler for months and months and never went in, but always thinking i had to go.  now to think of how many delicious meals i have missed out on makes me sad!

i tried to order the lamb sandwich but they were out, so it could have ended badly.  but don't you worry, they still had veggies, so i opted for the roasted veggie sandwich.  it. was. incredible!  i loved the soft doughy pita, the delicious perfectly roasted roasted peppers, zucchini and eggplant with a creamy saziki sauce. of course, i also couldn't resist a beet salad side.  when you order a beet salad you never really know if you'll get (i mean, unless you read the menu...i just see beets and get excited!), greens and beets or just beets.  this time it was just beets, but it was still great with a slight taste of orange and vinegar.   

the place is super tiny, but wasn't too crowded.  the one negative thing was it was hot as hades inside.  i believe it was probably around 40 outside, so when i walked outside it was refreshing.  i even started fanning myself with a city paper at one point!  

other than that, killer meal and i will most definitely be putting this on my lunch rotation in lola!like many think of their loved ones, i think of the love i have for the biscuits i had here.  the true love i experienced is like none other.  do you love that i've started with the bread options here?? 

so seriously, this buttermilk biscuit is just beyond! it's made with chives and has little cream cheese surprise inside.  served warm. are you dying just by the description?!  anything with cream cheese in it is divine if you ask me....i shoved in four.  no lie.

i had heard a lot of hype about this restaurant.  it's funny because when you think of american food, what do you think of?  i think burgers and fries.  but make a food presentation fancy looking and you've got a fancy restaurant.  

we tried the swordfish appetizers, which came out split between two plates.  i actually liked that because i can get greedy with my appetizer and not share, so it made things equal!  the app was good, but it wasn't amazing.  my scale goes from gross, ok, good and amazing.  this place was definitely not gross or just ok.   

my main dish was very good.  i got the day boat scallops + pork two ways.  the scallops were nice and crispy, just the way i like them.  i was not thrilled with the risotto.  granted, there was no false advertisement that it  was pearl barley and not a creamy based risotto i usually enjoy.  it just didn't have any taste, it was just....there. 

the pork belly, which was described as the part of the pig that bacon comes from, was amazing!  i mean, bacon, hello!!  the homemade sausage was also really good.  the cabbage underneath both meat options was very very tasty.  i was much more into that than the risotto. 

remember that you must have a reservation!  it's very tiny inside, so i'd doubt you'd be able to walk in and get sat within 2 hours.  the place itself is very cool.  it was very cozy inside and had a nice intimate feel.  great for a first date or romantical dinner out.

the service was definitely 5 star.  our service was extremely knowledgeable and helpful when selecting the food options.  for how hip it felt inside i was surprised to see an over 60 plus crowd on a saturday night.  but maybe i just went too early for all the cool kids. 

so did this place live up the the hype?  not necessarily.  but would i come back?  definitely.  i'd be interested to try some of the other unique food options they have on the menu.  maybe in a few months i can rate this as amazing!  i'm fearless and i like food, so who am i kidding, i'll be back!!this place literally just snuck up on me!  i was taking shoes to be repaired across the street and i looked up and noticed a huge sign for tavern 245.  how have i missed this for an entire year or so!? 

i walked in and was immediately impressed.  from the outside it's completely unassuming because it's just a tiny door into this really sleek looking lounge downstairs.  then you walk upstairs and it's a cute little bar restaurant.  but what made me feel immediately comfortable was the friendly staff (in pittsburgh steelers gear, of course).  

the menu offerings were cheap cheap cheap for a downtown setting like this.  $5-12 for all lunch offerings.  i chose the fiesta salad since i knew i would be eating bad later (we'll discuss in a later review!).  my dining partners chose the pierogies, which were incredible by the way, and the grilled cheese.  my salad was overpowered by the strong taste of onions.  i'm not sure if it was too many in the actual salad or the dressing, but it kinda killed the taste of everything else.  a little food jealousy....a little disappointment. 

but i absolutely want to visit again for a happy hour!  i think the place is just super adorable and a great setting for some drinks to be had from the extensive looking drink menu!i like friendly baristas!  probably because i used to be one and know that if you're a friendly costumer you'll have a nice, smiling friendly barista on the the other side of the counter.  at least, you should have!

so the barista here, totally friendly!  we chatted for a bit while they were making my iced chai latte.  chatting and coffee shops go together like cookies and milk.  you gotta have both to really enjoy the experience.  

my iced chai was up to my chai standards.  i knew right away it was the good chai concentrate and a great balance between the chai and milk.  they win, i win....we all win!

the coffee shop has a pretty large area to set up shop if you'd like to work or meet with a friend over coffee.  i can't wait for bakery square to grow so more people can enjoy this coffee tree location.  

and next time, when i'm not in the chai mood, i'm ordering one of those "gallon" iced green teas.  you may be peeing a lot after...but i'm sure it's totally worth it and refreshing!this is such a beautiful space! i'd passed by here on so many occasions but had never peeked inside. half of the reason might be because i'm not an insane baseball fan, but still, i learned you don't necessarily need to be to come in!

it's an old firehouse and they're restored it spectacularly. i could imagine having a small wedding or party here easily. that's why i popped in finally. it's interesting to check out all the memorabilia and artifacts they've collected from roberto clemente's career and even just baseball artifacts in general. 

if you're a baseball fan, you 100% have to stop in and check it out! if you're not, but maybe looking for a unique space to host an event, this should be on your list to check out!i have to say, i put off coming here for a while.  i had heard the good and the bad about this place, and so i just wasn't sure.  i'm happy to report, that i am in fact a fan now!

i decided to try it out for lunch one day.  it's decorated so that it feels very upscale.  i have to be honest, i felt a little under dressed in my jeans and cardi among all the suits for lunch.  do suited up people feel this way when the visit primanti's for lunch?  guess i'll never know (i hate suits!).  

the service was suburb!  they answered all questions, checked in many times and apologized when lunch ended up coming out a little slower than usual.  i like a place that realizes if they're running a little behind and will let you know!  

i wanted to keep lunch light so i ordered a soup and salad.  they do have an option for a combo on this, but the beet salad i ordered wasn't a salad option for this.  i didn't care, i needed that beet salad!  and the soup of the day, butternut squash, i was totally into!  it was absolutely delicious!  incredibly creamy and squashy (that sounds weird), but you get it!  i am happy to report the beet salad was just the right size to compliment my soup.  the beets were ample and the goat cheese on it was really creamy and mixed well with the light balsamic dressing on top. 

my friend had the lunch special that came with house made chocolates.  lucky for me, my friend doesn't like chocolate (i know, i can't believe it either!), so i was able to dive in.  they were amazing!  there was a fudge, which i don't usually like, but ate the whole thing!  a truffle, which was amazing milk chocolate with dark chocolate center and then a tiny milk chocolate piece.  i was very impressed it was house made because it was so delish!  i trust their desserts are incredible then!

the lunch may have been light, but the bill was not.  at $18, it wasn't a cheap lunch.  but i guess you'd expect that with the atmosphere...and the suits.  but you know what, it was pretty good.  so i'll save my pennies and be back again soon!the trip here was long overdue!  i felt like it was one of the restaurants in the city that i was embarrassed i hadn't been to yet.  well, embarrassment no more, i made it it!

i actually almost passed it up, as it's at the very edge of bloomfield and the very beginning of east liberty.  it's incredibly unassuming with the name only shown on a tiny part of the window in the corner.  almost like they were trying to say, "are you curious about what we're doing in here?  why don't you stop in!"

the atmosphere is incredibly unique.  the downstairs portion is all communal style dining with long dining tables and chairs set up like a kings feast.  the kitchen is out in the open, like it's your own kitchen, except you have expert cooks living in your house (wouldn't that be nice?!).  i love the loft type feel of the second floor dining area that looks out onto the first floor.  again, i felt like this was designed after someones super hip loft apartment.  i'd live here and get fed all day...no complaints!  the hostess told me that the upstairs seating is for reservations and the downstairs is for walk ins.  i like that set up because more than likely you'll always be able to snag a seat.

every ounce of this place just screams unique.  the menu is on a chalkboard on the wall...so thank gawd we were close...because i'm totally blind!  the drinks are set up by what type of liquor you'd like.  simple idea, but very cool presentation.  since it was approximately 120 degrees outside i opted for the refreshing sounding punch, which had donq, anejo, benedictine, falernum, pineapple,  and angostura in it.  first sip i was taken aback because it was definitely a kick in the booty.  the next couple sips settled in nicely for a pretty delectable drink.

we decided to go adventurous and order the cockscombs app.  it was  described as the fried part of the roosters little red hat type thingamajigger (technical term, i know).  at first thought it sounds incredibly weird...but we eat the chickens wing and leg....so why not little red part.  total southern comfort food, with grits and greens.  it was tasty but incredibly fatty too, so it wasn't a fan fav among my table mates.  the other app, the sashimi, was incredibly fresh with prickly pear and wasabi coating the outside.  that was the winner hands down.

for the main dish i choose the tomato-braised eggplant with soy protein and tahini.  the eggplant were in little cubes of light and crispy joy!  i just wish there were more because i enjoyed it so much!  the soy protein and tahini mixed well together for a perfect side.  

the biggest observation i can make about this place is that the chef and owner put a lot of thought into the concept of this place.  with careful consideration you can tell the specific ingredients are put together to make a spectacular dish.  and for that, i admire them.  it's refreshing to have a place that's so inventive that it will just keep you coming back for more unique tastings.  i for one, will get my eat on here again very soon!2 for $8 pbr, miller light and bud light lime, what what!

a deals a deal in vegas and a good deal makes you feel equally as triumphant because they're few and far between!  plus i'm a girl who likes a special, so there's that too...

this kinda became our go to bar for killing time/drinking and grabbing snacks late night since we were staying at planet hollywood and this is connected to the hotel.  the outdoor patio is pretty sweet although we were there during the mid afternoon and service was pretty iffy.  apparently shifts were changing and we kinda got the shaft on  who was our server.  we were pretty determined to find drinks, so it wasn't too hard grabbing someone else to find that someone else that was taking care of us.

everything on the menu late night sounded good at 3am... i mean, why would that be?!  tator tots, ordered!  chicken wings, ordered!  supreme nacho's: stole a couple bites from friends.  jalapeno poppers: cheesy goodness! 

3am also brought the most entertaining activity, bull riding.  yelp, bucking bull in the building.  would i get on?  probably not, unless provoked.  will i watch?  heck yeah... vegas is so great for people watching, but people watching while riding a bull... priceless!after coming in last year and having a good time to stopping in again and having the worst service ever i've gotta change my rating. seriously. service was really bad. the server repeatedly forgot drinks we had ordered and then would disappear for what seemed like forever. 

the worst thing was, my food sucked. i ended up scarfing down some of my friends bbq chicken pizza because my buffalo chicken pizza, that sounded so good, in reality was not. it just tasted hot. like burn my mouth hot. but no buffalo flavor. does that make sense? it just wasn't good. 

i'd probably still buy the cheap drinks at their bar or counter in ph, but i wouldn't come and eat again. stick to the drinks! don't tell me i didn't warn you!poor brgr! i went here about a week after i went to the new wingharts burger joint down in market square. i think brgr would have held up in the bigger better burger contest if i had tried this burger first. since it was after wingharts killer char-grilled burger deliciousness, it's sadly going to get a much lower rating. 

don't get me wrong, the shroomz burger at brgr (i had to...) was tasty, but it just doesn't hold a pickle to this other burger. and by pickle, i mean the tiny little gherkin they perch on the top of brgr's burgers. 

the thing i will rave about was the boozy milkshakes. i wish it was humanly possible to slurp down 5 of these like you can any other delicious cocktail, but really, that's not humanly possible without feeling like you're going to die. i got the boozy almond milkshake, which had ameretto and kahlua mixed in with ice cream. to top that off, there was sugary almond treats at the bottom. my heaven would include these milkshakes being served at the pearly gates entrance! 

the service initially was so so. i had called earlier in the day to try and reserve a table for our party of 15. the person on the phone was a little pissy and told me they don't take reservations. i said, well i just want to let you know then that we have this large party coming in. he said, and i quote, that they only had 70 seats, with some being couches and two tops. those 15 seats would take up most of their seating. i'm no mathematician, but really dude?! do they not understand that we'll be spending a lot of money, especially with the part of the crew that likes to overindulge on the booze. 

so we get there and the hostess, and what i assume are the manager, are just walking back and forth around an l shaped area of seats and a longer set of seats. i went up to them and was like....we'll squish, just put that long set of tables together. i worked at a restaurant for 5 years, i picked a thing or two up i suppose. after that, service was just fine! 

i would totally go to brgr again and space out my boozy milkshake intake after a meal, but i'm not sure i would come back just for a burger. so for brgr i say no burger but a round of boozy milkshakes for all!!i love lamb. not to be confused with i love lamp.

but let's start at the beginning. the marinated olives and sourdough focaccia was the perfect starter. what looks to be normal bread is actually a tasty homemade loaf of deliciousness that you can dip in marinated olives. who needs a plain plate of olive oil when you can dip it into actual olive juice with tasty olive treats.

i was very excited to see whole wheat pappardelle with lamb rag. the pappardelle noodles were fresh and al dente, just the way they should be served. the lamb ragu was incredibly flavorful with the whole dish looking small but being incredibly filling to the point where i couldn't finish it all. but then there's dessert...

i was full, but that didn't mean i couldn't indulge in a little sweets action. i mean, c'mon. we ordered up the affogato (caramel gelato, sea salt, espresso, bombolini). i would have never thought to put gelato in a pool of warm espresso, but hey, that's why i'm an awful baker (and cook for that matter). the gelato ran into the espresso and made a dreamy concoction that could satisfy you alone. but no, there's more. served on the side are four tiny sugared donuts. added dipping bonus round! 

i also thought it was nice that this restaurant doesn't scream italian. it doesn't have pictures of granny's making pasta or vines of grapes hanging from the walls. it's modern, sleek and clean. perfect for lunch, dinner or dessert. like... you should go in for all three because you'd be cheating yourself if you didn't!buying a car is always an interesting experience. mainly because you don't want to get swindled. and this experience was no exception.

i started looking months ago, as i had the nissan juke in mind, falling in love with it after seeing/riding in a co-workers. funny enough, this dealership is right up the street from our house, so it was just natural to go there. 

we linked up with alex, who chatted with us about the car a little bit. we exchanged emails and that was that. then months later, when my current car was busted to the point where it was going to die any day, we went in to test drive the car. of course, i loved it and was ready to purchase. but i was going away for over a week, so i wanted to wait until i got back.

fast forward to 8 days later and my car is dead as a doornail (long story), so we need a car asap. but i don't want to sound too desperate, but firm in the fact that we want a juke sv with navigation. so i'm emailing back and forth with alex and i just get the feeling he's not taking me seriously. they don't have what i want in stock and it doesn't seem like they're trying hard to get it. i'm sure he see's a lot of people come through and not follow through, but i wanted him to take me seriously, because i seriously needed a car! 

maybe it was because it was over email, but i felt like i wasn't getting my point across. so i called around to other nissan dealers in the city and they had exactly what i was looking for, the nissan juke sv with navigation. so i email alex that i'm going somewhere else and ping, he emails me back with an offer i can't refuse... a juke sl (that's the top of the line model) at the same price of the sv. done!

after that it was smooth sailing. he quoted me an exact price on the phone, they kept their word and it wasn't a dollar over that. i appreciate that! he was very helpful with showing me all the buttons on the car before i drove it off and mentioning numerous times that i can contact him with any other questions. 

overall, it was a good experience, just with those couple minor issues. i think that's how the car game is played. but right now i'm rolling hard with my brand spankin' new juke, so i'm a happy camper! just watch out... i hear red cars get the most speeding tickets... yikes!frozen yogurt buffet of dreams! bam, i'm there! 

i know this has been a big thing in the "big cities" and finally trickled down to our "big little city." i have to say i really enjoyed this experience more in our city! the one i visited in nyc had only three choices of yogurt and the staffers scooped your toppings for you. 

this location lets you do it all! which can obviously put you in the danger zone of overloading yourself to the point of no return. not that i've had that happen.... 

but i like that there's so many different flavors to choose from. i really wanted to choose the cake batter yogurt but looked around and decided that since it was one of the only ones that wasn't no fat i'd be a good girl and get one that's no fat. i choose the raspberry, which was equally as delish. of course i totally loaded it with chocolate, so i ended up canceling out that no fat theme. but i couldn't resist those little brownie bites! eek! 

of course i must go back to do my own "research" on different combo's of flavors and toppings.i've been hearing for a while what an amazing thing this is for the city, but i didn't fully realize why until i stepped into the market.  it may be small at this point, but it's packed with incredible vendors already!

i needed to head straight to the pittsburgh marshmallow factory booth because i heard so many good things already.  i was practically running there....thank god no one was hurt!  i had to scoop up the s'mores marshmallow and purchased a couple more different flavors to try.  i tried the s'mores and it was fantastic, the marshmallow was nice and fluffy with chocolate and a cookie underneath.  i have no worries the rest will be just as delish!

i also knew i had to stop at the tupelo honey teas.  i'm obsessed with tea's, especially chai teas.  i bought the coconut chai, the perfect combination since i've also been obsessed with coconut recently.  there's a lot of other teas i spied that i'd like to come back and buy!  another time...for sure!

i saw a ton of stands i'd like to check out like the east end brewing company, baklava company, mushroom for life and kahila's island taste.  honestly, if i hadn't stuffed myself with pamela's tex mex omelet beforehand, i could have eaten my way through this place.  i love eating my way through places, so this will most definitely happen soon!

for a small market, there's a lot of businesses packed in.  i was a little rushed, so i need to have a little more time to devote to looking around, but i will most definitely be back.  i know they're working on growing things there so right now it has to be small.  but they have a lot of room to expand.  i also know they're only open 3 days on the weekend right now, but i'm sure that will change with growth and business.  keep it going strong by visiting, you won't be disappointed!

hours:

friday 10am-6pm
saturday 9am-5pm
sunday 10am-4pmi have to go with teresa t on the whole experience as well.  the place reminds me of a cafeteria, (which works if you have awesome food like salem's farther down the strip) it doesn't work for this place.  just boring and blah.

this was actually my first venture into pho, so not realizing what good pho is supposed to taste like, i thought it was ok but nothing special.  well...when i ended up at vietnam's pho weeks later this pho didn't even hold a candle to their pho!  first off, the broth is nothing i'm going to suck down to the last drop (like i do at vietnam's) and there wasn't as many ingredients in their seafood pho like their is at vietnam's.  i also eat my weight in sprouts and not offering any is a travesty here!  

the absolute only thing i did enjoy were the egg rolls.  they were adequately crispy and the slaw and shrimp inside was a nice mix.  but good egg rolls alone doesn't get you to a 5 star status!  what does is a tasty meal, and this one just fell flat!okay, what did i do wrong people?  i am going against the grain... i didn't like the pizza... is there a secret to ordering here?

i had to go el boro with a regular pepperoni and mushroom pizza to please the masses.  should i have ordered something else?  i admit, i do like chicago style, deep dish the best, but i've had my share of thin crust that i've dug.  

now, everyone's really going to hate me... the pizza crust was like cardboard, the cheese was rubbery and there was hardly any sauce on it.  there, i said it.  sorry!

so is there something else i should be getting here or did i just come on an off day?  i'm open to suggestions... this place is in my hood and rocks so many of your worlds, what's the secret!?hmmmph.  sometimes i don't know how to start a review for these kinds of places.  "these kinds" being a club...or klurb (that's the let's get down version).  i judge a club on one thing and one thing only.  is there good music playing and can i shake my booty?

the next statement probably makes me old.  i like to hear a mix between fun top 40 jamz and some old school biggie, salt n' pepper, rumpshaker, back that thang up, etc., etc. etc.  this place flips between remixes and techno/house.  one thing that i hate most is bad remixes.  when you hear that song you love and start screaming "omg i love that song" and then it quickly, ficky ficky, changes to something else that the dj thinks goes with it.  ugh.  i just wanna dance!

another thing, i know working a bar where you can hardly hear what the person is ordering may not be the funniest thing in the world, but seriously peeps, everyone there seems dead.  they all look bored and tired.  i had a bit of sticker shock too when both our mixed drinks came to $14.  it's pittsburgh folks, if there's no "infused, fancy schmancy cocktail (fill in the blank) i really would prefer to not go above $10.  weak (like the drinks).  

i'll stick to jimmy d's to shake my booty with my biggie!burger joints are a dime a dozen now. but i went with what yelp suggested and the reviews were on the money! 

i couldn't not get a shake. seriously, even after a day of drinking. even though i knew it could potentially be a bad idea later. i had to get a shake! i mean, it's in the name! so i settled on the campfire s'mores shake (smirnoff marshmallow vodka, chocolate, marshmallow, graham crumble). it was not an easy choice, but i was very happy after the first sip. i sampled the birthday cake one (which i wavered between) and felt that the s'mores one definitely had more flavor. at $11 a pop, it's not cheap, but i do appreciate they give you a tin with extra shake in it!

for dinner i knew right away i wanted the fun-ghi (beef patty, roasted portabello, carmelized onion, truffle oil, gruyere, frisee, aioli). it was pretty awesome! i hate when you order a mushroom burger and there's barely any mushrooms. thankfully there were plenty, and it was marinated to perfection. plus, the fries weren't too shabby either. for $16.5, it's a pricey burger, but hey, it's vegas baby! 

for a casual evening i think this is just the right place to dine. plus, you can get a hearty meal in before things get too crazy!it pains me to give my all time favorite sushi joint a 4 star review.  why, you ask, would i give it my fav restaurant a 4 star?  because service is just so horrible compared to the incredibly friendly and attentive staff at the actual penn ave location.  

is the sushi still the best in the city, heck yeah!  do i salivate at the thought of their pretty girl roll (salmon, avocado, spicy sauce and wasabi caviar in a soy wrap) and spicy yellowtail?  heck yeah!  

but then every time i head into this location the service is always the same.  hurried and unfriendly.  tonight was no different.  our server was definitely not into us, or stopping at our table much and got our bill wrong 3 times.  

i have never actually been to this location for dinner.  i know i should have tried an actual dinner item, but i really just wanted some sushi!  i did, however, order the butternut squash soup.  it was incredible...creamy and rich!  this sorta made up for the crappy service (but not really).  oh, and it's byob, awesome!

i'm not swayed, i will be back....i just wish they'd be more friendly to make the experience better, since the food is phenomenal.  here's hoping....i've gotta admit, it's one of those places were the good reviews puzzle me.  i think the key to getting a pizza here is to order a whole one fresh and take it to go.  so now that you know the "secret" i'll go on with my review...

i was worried about even finding this place since it's supposed to be a "secret" but all the restaurants mainly being on the 3rd floor give it away a bit.  you'll find the secret pizza shop down a long hallway lined with album covers.  it's a very cool concept really!  hide the cheapest option in vegas so you feel like you've "hit the jackpot" when you score a new york style slice for $3.50!

i was a bit confused by the menu.  well, it's not even a menu, it's a sign that says slice of pizza $3.50 and whole pizza xx amount (sorry, can't remember the whole pizza amount).  since a lot of the business i suspected was by the slice, my idea was you can add on toppings and they'll "bake" (reheat) it on the spot.  not the case...

there's around 4 or 5 pizza's sitting out that you choose from.  better hope you like what's sitting out, because that's your only option by the slice.  i love mushrooms, so i wanted a cheese and mushroom pizza.  no luck for rachel.  

i instead ordered the white pizza with tomato and spinach and i thought they'd pop it into the stove for a couple seconds to heat it up.  no such luck.  it's served to you right then and there.  i think that's why it came out a little dry and underwhelming for me.  it wasn't "right out of the oven" but out of the oven a couple minutes/a while later...and that really made me not a fan.  but i really think i would have thought differently about it had it been right out of the oven.  so order the whole pie and do it the right way!if i could take everything from stuff and put it into my house, i'd be a very happy girl!  this is exactly my kind of store.  modern, not too harsh, but with a fun and funky twist.  of course i wanted everything in there!

as amy c states, it is incredibly small, but great to know they get in new merch so often.  there was a particular love seat, which turned into a single sleeper, that i fell in love with!  it was adorable, tan base with brown and blue polka dots.  we were so destined to be together, i'm sure of it!  the sales woman there was even nice enough to offer a deep discount.  my darn conscious got in the way, being so close to xmas.  i'm hoping it will be there after, so i can visit with it again, and potentially make it mine!

don't get me wrong, the prices are high, but not ridiculous.  it's pretty much what you'd expect from a contemporary furniture boutique.  

once we buy a house, this is going to be one of my first destinations for decorating!talk about off the beaten path!  the place is in lawrenceville nestled between houses off butler st.  but once you walk in, it's an adorable little cafe with tiny homemade kaleidscopes on the tables and giant colorful triangles all over the walls and ceiling.

the menu was actually larger than i thought for lunch with salads, sammies and main dishes like pasta (surprisingly a lot of pasta's actually!).  the people next to us had a huge dish of pasta that looked good, but the fries the other person had smelled even better!  so i opted for the veggie sammie and fries.  the veggies were eggplant, zucchini and a portobella cap.  the bun was so good!  it was fresh and soft.  i hate when sammies are served on sour dough because, number one, i don't like sour dough, but number two, it's hard to eat!  the fries were just as awesome as they smelled, nice thick cut and crispy!  so the veggies totally canceled out the fat in the fries, right?!woweewowow! 

i can't even begin to describe the orgasmic burger i had for lunch here! so delicious and filling in fact that i'm sitting here without even eating dinner yet...and it's 9:35 pm!! that is unheard of if you know me! 

market square, or m2 as i'd like to affectionately call it, has been through quite a transition in the past couple years. new restaurants have been opening up left and right. winghart's is definitely one to visit, like now! 

it's a little too small inside at this point for how amazingly good the food is, but hopefully in time (sooner, rather than later!!) they will expand to the upstairs area. plus, they're missing the last part of the title. the whiskey! but i assume it's only a matter of time until this place really starts blowing up with the demand. 

did i even mention the juicy goodness of the burger?? or the crispy deliciousness of the fries?! ohmygawd! so good! it's grilled and cooked just right. i really like a simple burger so i can taste the quality. cheddar cheese, tomato and pickle is enough for me. i urge you to try this place as soon as you can! 

it's giving tessaro's a run for it's money as the best 'burgher in the burgh."as most of you all know, this burger joint is my jam! i will argue with anyone who crosses my path and tells me this place doesn't have the best burger in the burgh. so don't get in the way of me and my winghart's burger!

the real deal behind my update is that they've updated... their space! yes, it may still be a narrow space to wiggle yourself into downstairs, but now the upstairs is open, which offers you even more space to squeeze into! i say squeeze because it's still unbelievably busy, regardless of the day or time. but that's the price you pay for having legit tasting food.

i say legit because everything here stands alone. burgers aside, i've had a stellar pizza and now an awesome veggie stromboli type offering that rocked my world just as much as the burger. and don't even get me started on their double fried fries! if you like crispy taters, you won't want to pass these bad boys up.

they of course have a massive whiskey list and pretty impressive draft beer line up. with two bars now, they're fully loaded and ready to go. can't wait until the summer so i can sit out on their new upstairs deck and spy down on the square below. but, i'll surely be back before the warmer weather. heck, i'll probably be back next week!i've been dying to come here!  just waiting for the right band to make my grand entrance into this highly rated venue.  

i must say, it most definitely lives up to the hype!  it really helps to have a medium size venue in town finally.  i had heard rumors that we weren't getting certain bands (a lot of the ones i like, such as indie rock, etc) because we didn't have the type of venue to host them.  well, in comes stage ae, the perfect size venue!

i was in the outdoor area for death cab for cutie last night and it was amazing!  not a bad "seat" in the place!  seat meaning a place to stand.  there's a large area in the front of the stage to stand at or you can sit up on the lawn area.  the lawn area is tiny, but it's elevated, so it's probably good for people who are vertically challenged!  it was awesome though because i never felt squished, thank gawd, because there were a lot of sweaty people i would not have wanted to touch.  

i also thought the whole area was incredibly clean.  i know it's newer, so i would hope it is.  plus, beer is only $5 for a 20oz!  screw you first niagara pavilion and your $7 12oz beers!  bungling and blue moon are on tap so that just makes me love the place even more!  

the absolute only complaint i have is that i wish it was non smoking.  i realize it's outdoors and smoking kind of goes with the concert territory, but i'd rather not worry about getting burnt by a waving ciggies or smell it. i know, i'm speaking as a total non smoker.  

i can't wait to go back and check out the indoor venue.  i don't doubt it's just as great.  i'm so happy that we have this kind of venue in the burgh finally so i can rock out properly!the search for the burgh's best burger continues.... 

whole wheat bun. check! 

hormone free beef = semi healthy??? (i know, not really). check! 

kona crust seasoning (a little kiss of wood grilled goodness).check! 

gauc, tomato, lettuce, buffalo chedder, ketchup. check and check! 

this has all the makings to be a great match for my love affair of burgers to continue.  it doesn't quite beat wingharts life changing burgers, but it comes pretty darn close!  the mix of sweet and regular potato chips really topped off the whole meal.  i was very tempted to try a boozy milkshake, but being the middle of a work day, i decided to be good (for once!). 

the place is really fun inside.  it's very cozy for a rainy (or snowy, sleety, whatever mix of gross) weather you might find yourself in.  it's also going to be great for the summer because they have an open air side of the restaurant that they'll finally be able to open up!  service was friendly and very fast for someone who could have eaten part of the seat cushions (maybe...not really) at that point from being so hungrg!  it was a great choice for a starving girl. 

is it weird of me that i sorta kinda wished it was in the city instead of in the boonies?? i know, i know, it's not really in the boonies....but for this city girl it was! 

but bonus, it is next door to a tj maxx!i just have to share with yinz how much i love their spiked milkshakes!  i know, i know...it's a burger place.  it's called burgatory for gosh sakes!  but, gosh darnit, those shakes are killer!  i just had my second one today, the s'mores, and it was beyond amazing...

they bring it to you with a huge seared marshmallow in a large 20oz glass, with a tin of the extra inside.  it's supersize american all the way, and i love it!  it's made with vanilla ice cream and chocolate liquor, with tiny graham cracker crumbs inside.  the first milkshake i had was the almond torte, which is made with prantl's burnt almond torte with vanilla vodka and amaretto.  i'd have to say this is a close call between which one is better.  either or are gonna satisfy your sweet tooth.  

okay, so the burgers.  still good.  still a lot to decide on!  they give you a whole sheet of options to make your perfect burger.  seriously, any way you've ever thought of making your burger, i'm sure you could get it here!  i always go with the whole wheat bun (to make myself feel better about that shake) and my only gripe is it falls apart as soon as you pick it up.  so i usually eat the burger with a fork.  i had come here when the place first opened and i wasn't too into the chips they server with the burger.  they were a little limp.  now they're nice and crunchy, still with the mix of sweet potato and regular.  

i just hope they bring a burgatory closer to town...although that boozy milkshake will be calling for me!another highly talked about restaurant in the bag!  

i know just a few days ago i raved about the cute little neighborhood of highland park, but i must say again, it's adorable!  i'm just surprised that most of the storefronts on this road were shuttered or closed down.  it's a shame with park bruge being so popular... you'd think more people would come out here seeking other businesses.  but i digress...

a late afternoon lunch offered a chance to slip right in.  still being on a diet, i resisted the urge to order the poutine (soon, my friends, there will be some cheat days!).  i saw the spinach salad and thought, perfect!  the salad comes with strawberries, pears, dried cranberries, candied walnuts and multigrain crostini.  i also added in portobello mushrooms for an extra $2.  good choice on my part!  the bello's were nice, big and juicy and a perfect addition to a flavorful salad.  i really enjoyed the creamy chevre walnut dressing too, especially because they don't scrimp on it (if you like light dressing you might want to get it on the side).  i also really loved the candied walnuts (dah!).  there was a ton of spinach, so you really don't have to worry about it being a dinky salad!  the crostini, meh, i took a couple nibbles but left most aside.  

the service was extremely friendly but laid back.  to the point where if you had somewhere to be, you may want to keep an eye on time, it can get a little slow.  

i definitely want to come back off diet so i can indulge in some of the delicious looking items ie poutine!this is what italians do best....spaghetti and ice. so maybe i got the spaghetti right and we've taken the ice and americanized it the only way we know best. that pretty much means a lot of sugar and ice cream! yum! i'm so into it! 

so back in the day my favorite was the gelati. it's delicious custard ice cream with italian ice in the middle and another layer of custard! i'm sure it's the most popular thing they sell. i've moved on the the misto's, which is the custard and ice mixed together. i love shakes so this is perfect for me! they used to have peanut butter ice, which sounds disgusting but mixed with the chocolate custard it tasted like a reese's cup shake! pure heaven! but as far as i know they don't carry it anymore so i go for the mint choco chip ice and choco custard for another heavenly mix! 

i'm so glad they have a place on the north side, number one because it's close to work and i can get my fix anytime and number two it's open year round! thank gawd! i get really bitter when the other "seasonal" ones close. boo! the thing that works out in our favor is that the first day of spring (their first official day of business) is free italian ice! you better know that's on my calender. this girl doesn't miss any free food offers!i would have never guessed this place would exist in lawrenceville.  looking from the outside it looks like it could have the possibility to be a dive bar.  it is absolutely not, it's a really cool little lounge.  i loved the vibe with twinkling lights, candles, dark colors and couches in the back.  

the vibe made me think i needed a martini glass in my hand stat!  good thing the cocktail list is extensive, oh, and a tad expensive i might add.  at $8-$10 a pop you're paying "lounge" prices.  i ordered the french kiss which is skyy raspberry vodka, pineapple juice, drop of chambord.  so it better be good for $8 right?  oh it was good all right.  good like i sucked down my first in like 5 seconds.  good like i had another and another....you get the point!

i feel like you can so easily screw a cocktail up so that it either tastes like all mixer and no liquor or all liquor and no mixer.  the bartender is skilled here obviously, because i couldn't get enough!  i also took a peak at their beer list and it seems pretty decent too.  so beer - check, cocktails - check, wine - check....you'll find me here every weekend now!

i also inspected their daily specials and they offer:

tuesday- $5 specialty cocktails  all night!
wednesday- $2 off micro brews 9-11pm
thursday- 2 glasses of wine & a cheese and fruit plate- $18  7-9 pm
friday-  (dj- 10pm to 2am)    $5 specialty cocktails, 2 glasses of wine & a cheese and fruit plate for $18, $1.50 off drafts,  all 5-7pm
saturday-  (dj- 10pm to 2am)  $1.50 off drafts 10pm-12am  narcissi wine night!!  all narcissi wines $6 a glass!

i'm totally going to be back, this may even be my new fave spot for drinks!rishi tea. i'm in! i guess that's why they call it not just coffee! for a tea drinker this is lovely!

it was packed around the bar even during a weekday around 9am, so it must be more than just good too! 

love what looks to be a dedication to their craft and some cool coffee art to admire!sugar cafe gets my full and undivided love and attention today!  you know why?  because it's fabulous, that's why!

i don't even know where to start because i'm so happy about it...first, a thanks are in order to amy c for suggesting this place because i may have never known about it.  

let's start with the fact that they have a homemade chai mixture, ding ding ding!  right up rachel's alley!  when the barista/server/employee asked me if i wanted it spicy or sweet i was just in heaven...because the spicier the better for me please!  it tasted just as good as it sounds, maybe one of my favs in the city now...close to espresso a mano's chai.  

for breakfast i really was dying for the french toast, but since they didn't have brioche and had to sub in italian bread i decided to choose the buttermilk waffles.  now let me just tell you, french toast is my first love, so i was a little hesitant to order the waffles since i rarely get them and are only used to leggo my eggo (i know...lame).  

that.waffle.was.incredible!

it was so fluffy and soft and just the right amount of maple syrup, raspberry jam, vanilla crme fraiche.  it was the best waffle i've ever had, hands down!  

and don't even get me started on how delectable the sweets looked behind glass.  i was so stuffed i just had to stay away this time, but i will most certainly be back to pick up some treats or treat myself to another wonderful breaky!  

the prices are also cheap cheap cheap!  it's a steal for a $6.25 breakfast that, i'm gonna say, kicks most breakfast's butts!  the staff was extremely friendly and made me feel right at home.  if home were a bakery....which sometimes i wish it were...

i can't tell you how excited i am to have discovered this place because i for see a long, loving and lasting relationship happening!i cannot begin to describe how much love i have for this place!  every. single. item.  i have had has been amazing!  i have now officially had breakfast, lunch and dinner here.  should i be proud?  i think strongly lean towards a yes!  

i was lucky enough to meet a lovely bunch of yelpers here for lunch.  lunch is my least favorite meal.  in my personal opinion, it's hard to make lunch items non boring.  i'm not really a sammie fan (unless it's drowned in something, like a reuben drowned in 1000 island).  i like salads, but only if they're full of ingredients.  you get the point, i want my lunches to be fabulous....and they're usually utterly boring.  so not the case with my delish veggie wrap.  it was oozing with rich cheese, packed full of yum-o grilled veggies (eggplant, squash, zuch, mushrooms, etc.) and toasted to perfections....even the wrap was toasted!  i was in veggie heaven!  

fast forward to the next night (obsessed much!?) and i enjoyed the company of some other yelpers at sugar for their fall tasting menu.  i'm all about dinner, usually because it leads to dessert!  but everything was beyond amazing.  the butternut squash soup had to be the best soup i had ever tasted in my life...i'm for serious!  i chose the wild salmon and potatoes.  while this was good, i was also able to sample the root veggie pot roast was to die for!  the goat cheese mixed in with the crisp veggies was my heaven!  

if there's ever another tasting for dinner you must go!  they don't normally serve dinner, so it's a special circumstance.  but take advantage of their delicious sweet treats during the day...cupcakes, tiny crisp macaroons and freshly baked pound cakes. i'm in love!one chick working the whole restaurant.  that sucks, right?  but it wasn't busy at all.  at.  all. so the fact that my water wasn't refilled ever... our hummus came out after 20 minutes.... the extra pita bread we asked for never came... she wouldn't even give us another menu willingly... was very irritating.  

i'm a big fan of good service (gee... who isn't!?) but i tend to give a lot of leeway to people because i was a server.  today, it was hard for me to do so.  

the hummus was actually really good and the pita bread was awesome.  came out warm and moist.  the gyro salad was not bad.  i liked the meat, but it was a pretty simple salad.  i've had much more creative/better ones.  

i think i'd give it another try because i did like the hummus, but i pray the service gets better because i may start throwing around some pita bread... if i ever got some extra slices!love love love! i cannot tell you how much i love this winery. it's right in the heart of pittsburgh! wait, better yet... right in the strip district! our very own urban winery!

you must go visit their digs, i promise, you won't be sorry when you're sipping a delicious red or white! this space is really beyond words. as soon as you walk in you feel like you've traveled to some far away castle in a romantic foreign city. it's dimly lit, with beautiful dark wood and a fully stocked bar waiting for you to imbibe. 

they have six wines right now, but the grapes are crushed fresh in house (or at least in the presence of the winemaker, tim), so you know they're not rushing to produce a mass amount of products, just a handful of marvelous blends! my fave of the moment is the malbec. i've been really into it for a while now and really love their blend. i honestly have had some pretty bad ones, and this is true to form. i also think this is such a white wine type of area, i'm glad to see a place putting effort into promoting the reds.

but here's the other cool thing. they have a downstairs area that matches the same cool vibe of the upstairs. it's thee perfect place for an unique event. it apparently fits around 100 and would be the perfect pick for a small reception or a hip party. i wouldn't care what kind of event it was, i'd want to crash it here! 

they also offer custom labeling, so if you ever need a unique gift this is the way to go! this is seriously the way to go for a nice night out. just go for the winerific experience and leave with a happy buzz!it seems as soon as i hear the words "fall tasting" i'm in!  so, seeing that there was a fall tasting offering for $30 and i had never been here before, i was in!

i have to admit i've never even been to bellevue before, so i was in uncharted territory.  it's a pretty unassuming, quaint restaurant, total mom and pop type, so you immediately feel comfortable.  added bonus, it's byob...so bring it!

so the tasting menu was either 4 or 7 courses.  since 7 seemed like a stretch, i stuck to the 4 courses.  first course was beets: chips, beet tartar, spiced beet puree.  i love beets so much.  and while it was delicious, and the beet chip was something i'd never seen or tasted before, the offerings were tiny.  maybe that's me just being a greedy beet lover, but since it was so inventive and good, i wanted just a tad more.

the second course was the pumpkin risotto.  this was a perfect size and great tasting.  creamy and pumpkin-y.  just how i wanted it to taste!  the fourth course was between a trio of birds (what a cute name!) and the harvest vegetable spaghetti with cauliflower, chanterelle mushroom and pecorino.  i love veggies so i opted for this choice and it was awesome!  it was something that looked so easy to make that you could potentially make at home, but i could never pull off the right flavorings.  it was fresh and flavorful.  

the last course was roasted figs with vanilla and honey.  i've just recently discovered how awesome figs taste (i know, i'm probably behind).  the mix was incredible.  i feel like honey's being used in a lot of different plates recently, and i'm totally into it!  it adds just the right touch of sweetness.  

the service was incredibly attentive and fast, with the server there when you needed her as well as the manager walking around the room and talking with the patrons.  again, just very welcoming.  and i can't even begin to describe the presentation of the food.  it was art!  it tasted as good as it looked, but it was an added perk.  i'm okay with ruining tasty art!yay for new restaurants!  yay for fun new restuarants!  and a final yay for a good exerpeince at a fun, new restaurant!

i always love walking into a restaurant which looks super duper tiny from the front and then surprises you by being large on the inside.  the colorful pictures and art make it a bright and fun atmosphere.  just like you'd expect from a 24/7 mardi gras party, minus maybe the flashing!

first time's a charm with this place!  service was fantastic!  the server came up and explained everything to us in terms of drinks, apps and main courses.  since it was for lunch i went on the light side with the crawfish and sherry soup and the nola salad.  

the soup was delicious with just the right amount of kick for me.  sometimes if things are too spicey for me i become a watery mess, and not in the emotional way!  i think the soup was just creamy amazingness!  

the salad was also very fresh with some great toppings such as candied pecans and my personal fav, little mini potato chips.  of course the later mentioned doesn't end up making a salad healthy, but whatever, it was tasty!  for a final send off we ordered the fried artichoke's as our "dessert."  they were incredible!  nice, crispy and huge with a spicy mayo type sauce.  i'm all about the sauces, so it was just the right touch.

i really can't wait to try out this place for dinner and/or a happy hour!  i will definitely be back.  i hope they have some idea's for events, because i think the place will be a great host for special parties.  great addition to market square!!oh market square...oh market square. such fond memories i have here.... 

i pretty much lived down here when i worked at the starbucks in the square. this was before the big remodel. the square before was a haven for bums and drug dealers, throw in the daytime work crowd and you've got a great mixer! the one thing i miss about the old square is the bums...i lie....really i miss the trees. it's a little desolate looking. but i understand they had to take out the mass amount of seating and dark corners to drive away the all day all night shady characters. 

the best part about the square now is the bustling restaurant business. in early 2000 the only notable places around were starbucks, priminati's and the oyster house. i did enjoy the greasy chinese food on the corner of forbes and bon giorno, with all the mail order brides who worked there. but now almost every storefront is full with new restaurants like nola on the square and the fantastical burger place, wingharts. moe's frightens me a bit because they're always screaming at me, with me or for me. i'll take chipotle across the street, thank you! 

there's also some great events that take place in the square. the family friendly light up night in november to kick off christmas season downtown. the drunkfest they call st. patricks day. they used to serve just about anyone at 8 am in the morning....but i think once they realized 12 year olds were wondering around with beers, they tried to crack down. now it starts later in the day so the drunks don't mingle with the family crowd. 

in the spring/summer/fall they have a fantastic farmers market where you can buy fresh produce, flowers, jams, breads and many more items.  it's actually a really great place to hang out when the weather is warm because they have tons of outdoor seating in front of most of the restaurants.  the remodel created it as a more pedastrain friendly area.  so now you don't have to dodge cars while you eat your taco!  nice!it's all about who has the best patio/deck these days.  the funny thing is that around here you've got about 3 good months of use.  unless you want to drink your beer in a parka in november (or maybe even may depending on the year!).  i can't complain though, because it's fab to be able to sit outside and enjoy the warmth while we can!

so let's take away the deck and the big open windows out front.  what do you have?  a restaurant/bar with decent bar food.  it's beyond me why i go to these places and order something other than a burger, pizza or wings.  i think i "try" to be healthy, but it never ends up being the good choice.  what ends up happening is i eat my companions meal.  i'm glad i have such good friends!  

i ordered the soba tuna salad.  the noodle part was good, but as expected, i could tell the tuna wasn't the best quality and it was kinda pink but mostly cooked.  tuna needs to be really pink and slightly seared for me to enjoy it.  so while my meal was blah, my friend ordered the steak and ranch pizza.  she was smart and made the right choice!  i love a doughy crust and lots of garlic.  it had both and was also topped with tons of onions and fries!  one "individual" pizza is definitely enough to share between two people.  

i was also a little disappointed with the draft list.  well...not really a list...but three choices.  lame.  but they had an incredible selection of local beers as well as beers from all around the state.  i tried a beer from meadville, pa called wynona's big brown ale.  anyone remember that primus song?  totally weird.  but great beer!  

i know people have commented on the late night environment being a little sketch.  which i can totally see, being that this place is on the south side.  but i'd hop on in if i'm down there some night.  you may not find me there in the winter though, that deck holds the golden ticket in the summer months!i've gotta update my review based on the fact that the food has gotten much better! so much so that i crave the salmon asparagus salad with delicious horsy dressing all the time now! i could walk out with a vat of that stuff and be a very happy girl!

the salmon is fresh and cooked perfectly, or should i say seared to rare perfection. the lettuce is nice and crisp and the asparagus is grilled and flavorful. it's a winning choice. 

i also tried their hummus, which is served with warm pita bread. it had a really distinct lemon flavor that i loved. i was surprised how much i liked it!

i'm also impressed at their draft list now. with almost 26 beers on tap you really can't go wrong. if you're  like me and love a nice cold beer outta the tap instead of a bottle youll love the selection (yay for great lakes on tap!). if you're worried about the way the place turns at night i urge you to stop in during the day or for dinner and check it out. i really think you'll be surprised. 

oh, and the rooftop patio is still awesome!with my deep love of mexican food, i'm surprised i hadn't made it here yet.  glad i finally made the trip because it was well worth it!

the menu is huge with lots of your favorites peppered in with some very americanized accents (burrito's with fries inside, holy american batman!).  i choose the shrimp burrito.  here's the key to a fantastic shrimp burrito, and it's a simple one.  don't scrimp on the shrimp!

good thing they know me (they don't) because it was packed with big juicy shrimp!  not even those puny frozen kind, the real deal!  i was pleasantly surprised and delighted with the shrimp, plus rice, beans and cheese.  delicious!  

but i must admit the star of the show for me was the guacamole.  gauc seems like it would be so simple to make yet it's so easy to mess up.  too mushy, no taste, etc.  this gauc was the real deal!  it was probably the best gauc i've sampled at a mexi restaurant in the city!  there, i said it!  i'd come here just to sample some chips and gauc if i was craving it (or not craving it and just loving it!).  

i'm also currently in love with the jarritos pineapple mexican soda drink, which they carry.  so i'll be grabbing me a soda and gauc here in the near future, don't you worry!!this was my second time visiting insert coins and i had a much different experience. the first time there was a band playing and it had a totally different vibe. the second time it was a dj and he was spinning a mix of old and new, so it was great to get down and dance!

i think it's a really cool concept, drink, play video games and listen to good music. done! they have rows of classic machines you can play (permitting you insert coins, hardy har) or you can shell out the dough for a vip lounge area where you can play games with an xbox or playstation. i honestly wish i would have had the mola to plunk myself down and play some super mario cart, but i'll save that cash for the drinks! 

i like the crowd because it's a total mix of people. it's definitely not the same crowd of glamazonions you're going to see on the strip. so if you like a more casual atmosphere with some good jams and tons of games to play, this is your spot! or, if you're like me and you've just come to drop it, you can do so in a proper fashion!the tilted kilt.  the irish hooters....

please don't misunderstand....i love me some chain restaurants.  cheesecake factory, that's my ish.  this place...not so much.

maybe it's the boobalicious, scantily clad waitresses that turns me off.  or perhaps maybe it was the terribly slow service we received ($2 cans of yuengling really take 15 minutes to deliver?!).  or maybe it was the mediocre to tasteless food we received.  regardless, this place just left a bad taste in my mouth.  even after 3 beers.  

i'll stick to jerome bettis down the street.  at least they have a massive carrot cake waiting for me and not massive boobies.me and this crazy mocha location are cool.  you know why?  because the employees are actually super nice here!  i've been to various other locations and they can be a bit... how do i put this... not so happy to be there. happy barista's make me happy!

i actually tried a scone today and it as awesome!  just like i like them: moist, soft and packed with raspberries!  i've always been tempted to get their tasty looking treats, but never did.  this is probably a bad thing that i finally gave in, because it will be a lot harder to resist now that i know they're so good!  

i also enjoy a good italian soda.  i remember back in the day when they weren't as common in coffee shops.  i'm happy they've made a "come back."  especially for a cool summer treat for someone who isn't that into coffee itself.  i know, former barista that doesn't like coffee... i'm a weirdo!  

best part, free wifi!!!i'm really leaning towards gelato over ice cream these days.  i just love the creamy consistency.  i also feel like that you don't have to receive a hearty helping (although i do love generous scoops!) to feel satisfied.  

you really don't have to worry about not finding your fav flavor because they've got tons of different flavors to choose from!  and it's not just vanilla and chocolate...it's creative combo's like caramel latte, dark chocolate cherry and coconut cream just to name a few.  i opted for the amaretto because i can't seem to not choose it when it's available.  i just love that flavor....and it translated perfectly into gelato too!  

the absolute only thing i could even complain about, and it's not really complaining, just something i thought was odd...was that they measure out your gelato and you pay by ounce.  i get it when you're getting self serve (like at yogurt places) but when you're not helping yourself, it's just weird.  i suppose if you came in and had only $3 dollars to your name and the total range up at $3.01 they could lop off a little. but i guess it could also work in your favor if you wanted more or less.  

i'm pretty sure it's now gonna be my mission to try all the different types of flavors....because they all looked so gosh darn good!um....well.  my feet stuck to the floor.  smoking is allowed.  do i have to go on?

okay, maybe the only redeeming quality is that the dj was decent.  

oh and the ultra cool third floor... looks like someone's attic.  that's why levelz is named levelz.  awesome.first sign of a good restaurant: i wanted everything on the menu because it looked so good!

second sing of a good restaurant: everything on the menu actually turns out to be great!

look closely for this place, because in the dark, you can easily pass it by.  it's totally adorable inside, and come to find out it's actually registered a historic landmark.  makes it even quirkier!  

the owner is super friendly and helped us pick out some awesome menu choices, being our first time there.  as soon as she said she had just cooked the ribs, for the rib taco's, i was in bbq heaven!  i also chose the brisket taco, from reading all the other reviews, it seemed like the smart thing to do.  both were incredibly tasty, with the fantastic bbq marinade.  i was more into the rib taco than the brisket, but both were awesome.  

i was also torn by the sides, because they all looked so yummy!  i decided to get the jalapeno apple coleslaw. i love coleslaw, but it's one of those sides you can very often get wrong.  too much mayo, not enough mayo, not enough vinegar, too much vinegar, etc.  this was perfectly marinated with a touch of vinegar and mayo and delicious apple slices mixed in.  i also sampled my friends white cheddar mac n' cheese.  wow.  obvious next time side item for me, it's incredible!  

a couple things to remember:  it's byob, so bring it!  cash only. 

also, they're only open until 7pm mon-wed, so make sure you're in before then.  she was nice enough to serve us and not kick us out...and was very nice all the while.  she even brought a sample of this delish cantaloupe drink, get that too on your trip out, because you must stop in!when people asked me what i had at meat and potatoes it was really easy for me to respond, "meat and potatoes!"  that answer was lame the minute i heard myself respond that way.  i'm just gonna have to describe to you how good my meal was there!

i had never been into the old cafe zao that had previously held residence in this space and so i was immediately surprised by how small it was inside.  the ambiance totally makes up for the small space, making it actually extremely cozy inside.  it had a shabby chic feel  the chic was the dark interior, black chandeliers and the oh so comfy that i could have sat in them all night chairs.  the shabby part was the wooden ikea like tables, dish towels for napkins and casual dress of the waiters.  i really liked the mix!

so, back to the meat and potatoes.  i ordered the kobe flat iron chimichurri style steak and confit potatoes.  the meat was cooked to a perfect medium rare and the potatoes were nice and crispy...no mushy potatoes here!  you'll be surprised when i tell you the real winner here was the gravy on my friends mashed potatoes.  holy crap was it good!  i have no clue what they put in it but it was amazing!  sadly, there's no substitutions in the dinner choices (boo!) so you'll have to order the roasted chicken if you want that delicious gravy.  next time, i may be ballsy enough to ask for a side of gravy for my meal.  i'd pour it over everything if i could.  

this is an extremely exciting restaurant in pittsburgh because it's our first gastropub!  yay!  my lameness did shine through because i didn't order a drink.  but that's my old lady-ness coming through because i was going to a show and didn't want to snooze through it.  lame, i know!  

i'll have to go back for happy hour, come to think of it....i need to investigate if there's happy hour specials.  so there you have it, my excuse to go back!i've been here three times in the last week. does that tell you anything? 

this place is quickly becoming #1 in my heart and my belly!  from the amazingly delicious poutine (the first of my experiences with this amazing dish) to the creamy mac n' cheese, the apps just kill it right off the bat. but let's perhaps talk about the succulent pumpkin ravioli with tiny squash cubes.  or the delicious brunch i had of beer battered french toast (using banana bread beer!!!!) and toasted bananas.  the creative dishes never end!

from the small tastes of my other dining companions food, i'd say you'd be hard pressed to find something on the menu that wasn't outstanding.  i can't even begin to dive into the extensive and carefully crafted bar menu.  lots of great prohibition era bevvies, inventive creations of their own and some old favs on the tap.  toss in those cushy brown chairs and i'm home!i know what you're thinking... seriously, another 5 star review? why so? here's the deal folks. this place has consistently been awesome. dinner: awesome! brunch: awesome! and drumroll please... lunch: awesome!

there's not many places i can say that about, but they find a way to be creative and deliscious with every meal. i do hope you read all my other reviews on this place for tips on what i thought were gear choice (poutine, cough cough) but for lunch i probably had thee best fish sandwich i've ever had! 

they just opened for lunch today and are running a special lentin menu with fish, fish and more fish... and one burger (seriously, if you don't like fish or a burger you might be screwed till easter.). 

i had the parmesan fish sammie, which was a generous portion of perfectly battered fish, a very generous portion of provolone and tomato sauce. but the crown jewel was the smoked potato salad side dish. again, generous portion of some of the most delectable and inventive potato salad i've ever had! the smoked taste stayed with me for a while after, but rather than garlic breathe, it was actual a reminder how, oh. my. gawd. amazing it was! to be continued....megabus: the classier greyhound

this is an actual convo between me and my mom whilst riding the bus:

me: i'm on the megabus to philly.
mom: you're on a shuttle to the airport?
me: no, i'm riding the megabus to philly.
mom: who are you flying with?
me: no, i'm on a bus traveling to philly that's like a higher class greyhound!

she finally got it.   

flights to philly were over $200 dollars.  plus about 2 hours to wait for the plane, about 20 min in the air and fearing i'm going to die.  megabus was $60 round trip, about 6 hours and i could get some work done in between.  oh, plus i'm on the ground and not dying.  

so no crazy airport drama.  you just wait on on the corner (yes, kinda like a hooker) by the convention center and they pick you up and you leave right at your designated time.  no delays!  if you're late....too bad...you miss the bus, literally!

the buses are nice enough, the seats recline, there's enough room to spread out (especially if no one is sitting by you) and there's plugs for you to charge your computer, phone, etc.  that's obviously a definite plus.  

the only stops are one to a rest area for 30 minutes.  which is nice because there's a starbucks.  i may have also had bk on the way back, but don't tell anyone...i really wanted a whopper.  the other stop was in harrisburg for a hot second.  

the couple of drawbacks.  there's no tray to put your laptop on.  so it sat on my lap and i crouched over it in a pretty uncomfortable position for most of the trip.  also, if there's traffic in whatever city you're traveling through, you're pretty much screwed.  the ride out arrived right on time.  the ride back was an hour and half late.  but again, the same could happen if you're flying and your plane is delayed.  

i had a really funny driver on our way back to the burgh.  he basically gave us a lecture.  no drinking, smoking or talking loudly on your cell phones or you're getting kicked off the bus.  and don't you dare take longer than 30 min at the rest stop or he's leaving your butt behind!

megabus, you are a steal and i'm totally into you!i want to go to there every day. like every day. 

this place blows every other ice cream place out of the water! i'm sorry. i know that's a bold statement. especially after only sampling a handful of their flavors, but dear lord, are they all amazing! 

with a list of flavors that all sound enticing, it was hard to choose just one. i went with the carrot cake, which was incredible. i mean, this is legit handmade. down to the raisins and cinnamon flavors mixed in with creamy ice cream. 

i'm going to conquer all the flavors, and then can't wait until they change over again. the absolute only gripe i have is that i wish there was some kind of seating. it's just a stand, and is connected to another business on the other side. so i'm not sure if they're even allowed. but if possible, some benches would be nice! 

but seriously, you could have a shack serving this stuff and i'd be there!how can you not be drawn in, just by the name alone!  clever, fo sho!

so once you're drawn in, what are you drawn to?  in keeping with the seasonal theme, i ordered the southern tier pumpking ale.  delish, as always. they have about 12 or so beers on tap that's clearly written up on a big chalkboard above the bar.  i'm into bars that have a wide variety on tap.  i can't stand when you go somewhere and all they have is miller and coors light.  but for a name like the beerhive, they really should have more to offer!

they also have a big refrigerator with a whole lotta specialty beers to pick from.  you can either pick up a beer and drink it there or take out for a "night cap" at home.  

for "bar food" the food is pretty decent!  sticking with the hive part of beer they have a lot of honey type concoctions.  we opted to try a couple wing flavors, as they all looked pretty yummy.  we tried the salt n' vinegar, honey bbq, ranch and buffalo.  i really enjoyed the salt n' vinegar, being a huge vinegar fan!  i also thought the honey bbq was pretty good.  we also ordered i really enjoyed the honey bites, mini cinnamon pretzels with honey drizzled on top.  yum-o! 

they have a lot of different specials, including $1 off beers and $3 apps.  the hh special for beers isn't too great, but i love a good deal on food too, so it balances out!  they also have a special armature comedy night.  i think that would be an interesting thing to see, laugh at them or laugh with them?  we'll see!this is, without a shadow of doubt, my favorite festival in pittsburgh!  

where else can you be entertained, check out unique art and stuff your face with oh so bad but oh so good fair food?!  at the three rivers arts festival my friend!  nothing kicks off the start of summer in pittsburgh quite like a trip down.

it's been so interesting watching the fest evolve with the times as well  as the change in venue.  for ages the fest was completely down at point state park.  the park then was closed in 2006 for remodeling.  those were some sad times in terms of placement.  

i remember the one year they had the stage right in the middle of the intersection of liberty and stanwix.  it had rained (which some say is an arts fest curse) and the whole thing was a mud pit.  throw in that it was a tiny space with a lot of people jammed in and you've got some issues.  i didn't mind them switching the booths to gateway center, although it can definitely get more crowded than when it was completely in the park.  

when the park finally reopened in 2008 they kept most of the art booths in gateway center and the concessions at the park along with the stage  the one change was that they were all located at the beginning of the park.  i'm not really a fan of where the stage is placed.  i miss it being on the inside of the park instead of being on the outside edge.  from what i understand, and this could be a total rumor, they didn't want too many people walking and trampling the grass inside.  that's lame if that is the truth....it's a park!

and although sadly i can't afford a lot of the various pieces of art on display, it is really interesting to see what people come up with.  i'm a total pittsburgh nerd in the fact that i love seeing all the pittsburgh themed artwork.  it's a fun way to see an artists interpretation of the city.  i also love watching the different themes that come in over the years.  this year it seemed as if glass mosaic artwork was popular.

my all time favorite booth is the illustrations done by greg stones.  he's been here for the past couple years and i'm proud to say it was my first piece of artwork i bought from the fest!  yay!  he does goofy little illustrations with penguins, sheep and zombies just to name a few.  you must check out his site.

http://mysite.verizon.net/bgstones/index.htm

the music varies from year to year but they've brought in some great artists.  some even before they broke out into the "big time," like norah jones and the black keys.  i've also enjoyed seeing aimee mann and an incredible 3 hour set by wilco.  

of course, who can go here without indulging in a kielbasa and kraut dog or a fried oreo?  glutenous or culinary creation?  you be the judge!  either way, i always leave happy, stuffed and just a little bit more cultured!i think the arts fest has been improving in the last couple years. i like that they're constantly striving to make improvements and keep up with the times. there are two reasons i specifically wanted to update my review.  

one reason is that i felt they're trying to make an effort to include local artists who are affordable. i was happy to see strawberryluna there (if you don't know who you are, google them quickly!), who are at a lot of the i made it markets around town. but i also bought something from another artist from ohio that also had fairly priced prints. i was super excited that i made not one, but two purchases this year!

second, i loved the beer garden along the wyndham hotel. brilliant idea! even better... throw penn brewery into the mix! i loved being able to stop in before a free concert and enjoy a little adult bevvie that wasn't that sugary sweet lemonade. my only hope is that they continue and expand this!

i will also note that i really enjoyed that they brought some current acts like edward sharpe and airborne toxic in. i believe the past two years no one of interest to me had come. this is purely selfish though, because i know they have to include a wide variety of acts to please everyone. but i thoroughly enjoyed the modern rock/indie bands!

plus, who can forget the epic moment when the fountain turned on for the first time in years!?

keep evolving arts fest and maybe we can get you back to a full 3 weeks again!maybe, just maybe i'll become adventurous when it comes to thai.  not today my friends.  

the lunch pricing is a steal!  for $8 you get a main dish, spring roll and salad.  the spring roll was delicious.  nice and crispy with fresh ingredients inside.  the "salad" was more like a mini tong serving of lettuce.  let's just say i could count the pieces of lettuce...maybe 5 i'd say.  the dressing was the best part of what they call a salad.  i guess for $8 you can't complain.  i just hope you get more if you actually order a side salad.  the thai iced tea was awesome, as usual.  it's my guilty pleasure getting one.  i know it's not the best for you, but it's just so gosh darn delicious! 

as always i ordered the shrimp pad thai.  there were 5 decent size shrimp that actually tasted like they were freshly grilled.  the pad thai itself was a nice size serving for lunch.  big bonus for plenty of sprouts.  the sauce was flavorful, but it still doesn't compare to spice island in oakland.  still haven't found a pad thai that out does theirs!  

the service was friendly and fast but the real surprise was just walking into such a beautiful environment.  i think this would be the perfect date night spot.  it's trendy and clean, and when it gets dark out and the lights turn low, i think you'd really feel the cozy ambiance.  it's also byob, with a corkage fee of only $3.  i'd definitely be back for a date night or girls night...back with a bottle in tow!linda w speaks the truth!  friendly faces greet you as you walk in the door.  first sign of a good business.  second sign of a good business.  good food and drink!  i received both tonight.  cha ching!

i asked our new bff, bartender rich, what his favorite dish was.  "everything" was the answer.  you've been trained well, rich.  i finally got it out of him that he really dug the shepard's pie.  i'm not one to go for that choice, but i figured, let's through caution to the wind!

i guess from not having a shepard's pie that much i figured it would be like a stouffer's chicken pot pie out of the fridge.  don't hold it against me, i didn't know!  what i received was a hearty bowl full of rich short rib meat, carrots and the most delectable topping of potato's i've ever tasted.  i scrapped that top clean like it was my job!  it was really incredible!  it really would have been big enough to share between two people.  but if i was sharing with you, i would have stolen the potato topping, so beware!

the atmosphere is really cozy, with all wooden furniture and bar.  i like places that have a nice sectioned off dinning area to sit down and enjoy a meal.  then you cross over to the bar side and can grab a drink with friends and maybe drop it down low if you need to dance it out!

i checked on their fb page and it says they'll be having a dj friday and saturday night, which i think would add that great dance party mix to the place.  but my fav news is they'll be serving a sunday champagne brunch.  who doesn't love a good sunday brunch....or champagne!?  i'll be back to indulge in both!i just want to share about what an amazing brunch i had here on sunday!  if you've got good french toast, you're most likely going to win me over.  but with the name drunken stuffed french toast, i may just be in love!

the french toast is filled with lemon ricotta and bourbon spiked peach compote.  they were everything you'd want them to be and more.  crispy on the outside, creamy dreamy deliciousness on the inside!  it comes with eggs your way and sausage or bacon.  another mega plus....it's a champagne brunch, yes!  you can also get a bloody mary....but i'm a fan of the champage, so this was a no brainer for me!

did i mention they also serve up some delectable pastries and fresh jam to nosh on before your food comes out.  i am all about the complimentary bread baskets.  

slap down 20 bucks and you're good to go for the rest of the day because believe me, you'll be stuffed!for a thrift store cohabiting downtown, i expected a lot more.  it seemed as if there was a good amount of clothes for the space and i got pretty excited walking in.  when i started to look through the selection i surprisingly did see some designer names like mark jacobs and prada but.....

they were all from the 80's, i swear.  i understand that's what a thrift store is...people bringing in unwanted clothes from every decade.  i just wanted something other than a bright red, huge shoulder pad stuffed pantsuit.  i know shoulder pads are back in, but i swear they're not as linebacker looking.  i also thought the prices were a little pricey for the product choice and quality.  

i will say that the owner was extremely nice and talkative.  i just hope they get a better selection because i agree with andrew v., we need more shopping downtown.  here's hoping to really super fashionable people not wanting their clothes anymore and bringing them here!the owners couldn't be nicer and more helpful! while i was hesitant to visit, because i had a preconceived notion they mainly cater to dogs, i was wrong.

let me be clear. most of the shop is dog stuff, but they're expanding their cat section currently, which makes me very happy!

the owner helped me pick out this special cat litter, cat attract, because we're having some bad kitty bathroom behavior... and it's working! 

i also picked up a banana filled with catnip that is a very popular toy in the carlson household (the cats use it, not us:). 

they also sell items from local vendors, like handmade collars and dish holders from reclaimed things. they also deliver now to the immediate area.

great shop worth the visit, even if it's out of the way for you, it's worth a stop in!i write this in a state of total lobster like redness.  

disclaimer: don't worry, at the end i will promote safe spf procedures!

i've forever passed this pool in the summer and longingly looked over at the gloriously refreshing looking water.  why has it taken me this long to visit?  i have no excuse!  this should have happened ages ago because i love being at the pool and i don't have room for a kiddie pool in my backyard.  

i think maybe my one excuse would have been that i was terrified the pool would be full of screaming, wild, peeing in the pool type kids.  and while it is...it's waaaaaaay over on the other end of this humongo pool.  

we took a prime spot right by the deep end where it's a peaceful, mostly adult type setting.  thank gawd.  i laid, i dipped, i dived, i swam....i even took a plunge down the water slide (amidst other 13 and unders). 

i thoroughly enjoyed watching the youngins' (yes, i'm 80 years old) take their "deep end" test where they had to swim from one end of the pool to the other without stopping.  if they passed, it meant they were allowed to swim in the deep end.  it was fun cheering on the kids who were trying to pass it.  i mean, could i have even passed right now??  ummmm...probably not.  i'll stick to lounging around.  

for $6 a visit this is a steal compared to a $30 mystic tan that will last 10 days.  ok, now for my disclaimer that everyone probably knows already...

reapply!  that's all, see you next week!you know, i get it.  i'm a tea drinker by nature, so my first impulse is to order a black tea or a chai latte when i'm at a coffee shop.  here, you don't have many options as a tea drinker...really you don't have many options in general.  their specialty is brewing an incredibly high quality coffee. seriously...

so what's a tea drinker to do?  i ordered an english breakfast that was steeped properly, i may add, by the employee for exactly four minutes.  i have heard many people say they don't like to offer steamed milk for tea drinkers, but they obliged without any comment.  i will note they do not have the skim milk i asked for.  they only have 2% and whole.  again, because it would take away from the quality of the drink to server anything less than 2%.  i usually put splenda in my tea and all they have is sugar...again because anything else they believe would ruin the real taste.  seriously.

but what made me realize they really do brew some quality espresso is that i had a sip of a mocha, with no sugar added and it was ah-mazing!  seriously, i worked at starbucks for five years and couldn't take more than a shot of espresso in a grande latte much less a mocha (which i hated the mocha powder they carried anyway).  the whole milk probably added to the delicious creamy taste.  i'm not messing around folks...this could be my guilty pleasure drink now.  whole milk included...yikes!  seriously, they are serious about their coffee!

hot tip: free wi-fi and some cushy seating inside!can a good main course erase the low quality appetizer and drink before it?  that's the hard question i deal with right now (isn't life oh so tough?!).  

my caipirinha was good but let's just say it was on the ice-y side....like way too much ice and not enough of the good stuff....the booze!  

we started with the crispy chicken marinated in dark rum and lime app.  sound delicious, right?  it honestly tasted like chicken tenders from the freezer section of giant eagle...minus the taste.  absolutely. no. taste!  there was even a side sauce that i thought might spice it up.  no luck...how do you make a sauce tasteless??  i don't know...but they somehow did it!  the only redeeming factor is that the other app we ordered, the marinated shrimp with chilis and sweet potato, was fantastic.  incredibly tasty and well marinated with lime.  

i ordered the grilled skirt steak topped with chimichurri and black beans and rice.  it was very good!  the steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare with a nice grilled flavor.  the black beans and rice were nothing to report home, but the small (very small) side salad of cucumber and tomatoes was also very good.  we had one more winning entree (braised chicken in aj and cilantro sauce) between my four dining companions (the losers: beef brisket and a sandwich) .  so we're split 50/50 again!

would i give the place another try?  absolutely, but i'll be sure to pick wisely again....even then....i'll hope for the best!  and give me more booze!  then maybe i'll like things more!i knew it. i knew alma was a great place. i knew they had delicious food just by the glorious smell wafting through the air down the street. i knew all this because it was true!

although my last experience at was so so, this experience will make me forget that. from the first sip of my kickin' jalapeno gimlet to the last bite of the tres leche cake, that made me say "holy crap" out loud, it was a winner. seriously, i have never in my life had such a scrumptious tasting dessert. it was just... holy crap!

but, the main course was just as memorable. i ordered the camarones al caribe con ajo. which was quite embarrassing to pronounce in front of my fellow spanish speaking dinning companions. yikes! i just wanted to say "shrimp dish please." 

speaking of shrimp, the shrimp were fresh, plump and perfectly marinated. you knew it was legit and not frozen out of a bag (that's thee worst!). the thing that tied it all together was the plate licking lime and garlic sauce. i was scraping my plate to make sure i included all that sauce into my veggie and rice. speaking of veggies, i loved the grilled peppers and crisp sugar snap peas. just an entirely winning combination. 

i would honestly come back for each individual item. whether it be a cocktail in their cute little side bar, aka "cantina," or devouring a tres leche dessert. you've won me over alma and i most certainly will be back!love them! love the vibe, love the pittsburgh pride, love the merch! 

here's the dealio. you can find great ironic sports apparel. i love that they were the ones that took the zoltan symbol and made it blow up in the burgh. two simple hands make a big statement! i also thought it was funny that they have a black tee that just has a gold "sports" on it. pittsburghers are so crazy for their sports it doesn't even matter what it says, just as long as it's black and gold, they'll wear it! 

if you're thinking of something to get the person that has everything and loves this city, this is your spot too! i really like the city neighborhood tee. it shows every single hood in our fine city, which there are a lot of. they sell online, so it's perfect if you're buying for someone out of town. and maybe throw in an item for yourself too!osteria 2350, how have you been hidden from me for so long?!

oh that's right, because you've sadly been hidden behind the empty store front of right by nature in the strip.  but one title this place can hold is hidden gem...because it really is!  

it's part restaurant part italian deli with fresh meats, breads and desserts to pick up.  me and a friend came in all business....which meant we were ready to eat!  and boy did we ever!  we enjoyed 3 full courses because everything sounded so incredible!

august is the month to take advantage of any sort of tomato salad, so i enjoyed a tomato and moz salad with just the right amount of balsamic dressing.  it was fresh fresh fresh!  

but let me tell you the key to being good friends.  the key is to pick two main courses and split them.  the best of both worlds!  we choose the gnocchi and the riccolina.  the riccolina had this fede pasta in it that i had never tried before.  it was really awesome!  i'm an al dente type of girl and these were cooked just right!  it also came with caramelized mushrooms, truffle oil, arugula and parm  

the gnocchi was the real winner for me...it had a medium texture between a light and heavy gnocchi.  i'm usually a fan of the light kind but i think it was the combo of sauce and cheese that won me over on the whole dish.  it was perfecto!  

we also enjoyed the tiramisu for dessert.  it wasn't the best i've ever had (that's at piccolo forno in lola) but it was still pretty good.  

the service was fantastic as well, with our server answering all questions we had (like the very important, how big are your dishes) and she answered the questions perfectly.  

i'm now a complete fan of this place and can add it to the top of my strip district list.  you all for sure need to go there...i'm excited to try a dinner there soon....remember...true friendship means splitting two main dishes!i haven't had such an amazing meal in a while!  no lie!

i kept saying that over and over again as i was stuffing my face with the delicious food served tonight!  i swear to you i was so stuffed half way through my entree and i had to keep going because it....was...so...good....

the place describes it's dishes as comfort food.  i imagined the offerings would have a southern flair.  but the gm, wil,l describes it as food that comforts you.  i love that!  it comforted me so much that i felt like i had to roll myself out the door!

i started with the root salad, which was a mix of red and golden beets, candied walnuts, goat cheese with sea salt and lime sprinkled on top.  have i told you lately, that i love beet salads?  like, so much!  it was incredible!  

my main dish was the ricotta gnocchi with peas, parm, mushrooms, cherry tomato and an egg on top.  i'm usually a fan of red sauce with my gnocchi, but this blew away any red sauce i could ever have had!  the gnocchi was just how i like them, like pasta/potato cloud puffs of amazingness.  all the ingredients complimented each other so well.  no red sauce needed!  the gnocchi comes from a local hook up, so you know it's not from the frozen section of your local giant eagle.  

the place is incredibly intimate with seating for about 40.  be sure to make a reservation because this place is going to fill up fast!  if you want comfort food style, look no further!um, no one told me the apocalypse happened here...

ok, i lied.  maybe it just happened in the produce section.  i really thought this target was going to make all my dreams come true.  a place where i could buy a hot dress, pick up some unnecessary crap and shop for some fruits, veggies and meat.  all conveniently in one place.  not so much...

i breezed past the clothing section, which as i had heard, was a bit smaller than most to add room for the larger grocery section.  i was ok with that, knowing that there would be a fabulous and shiny grocery section to greet me.  what i found though....

was a post end of days scramble.  a stray apple, some onions and maybe a couple varieties of meat.  it's no super target, that's fo sho!  i will say, i did buy some pretty amazing teriyaki beef that i grilled up to perfection.  but that was probably the only win.  oh, that and the awesome cart escalator that made me want to hop in the cart and ride it up (what, no one does that?).  

in all honesty, the produce section was obviously cleared out for a reason.  people want this kind of thing in the neighborhood.  let's just keep up with the demand peeps.  i believe in you big red circle....i really do!the new hazlett is such a great theater to have in our area.  one, because it's a beautiful structure on the outside that you could almost mistake for a church.  but it was just built as a carnegie music hall back in the day, so of course it's grandiose looking.  it was also home to the pittsburgh public theater for many many years and is now a venue for various shows and concerts.  

it's a really intimate space to see a production, with it being an almost theater in the round stage.  you can take in the performance from every angle.  i just love the experience you have with these types of venues.  

if you ever have a chance to catch a show or go to an event here, definitely do it.  you won't have a bad seat in the house!yo pretzel, yo pretzel yooooo!

for realz, go pretzel may be my new ish!  pretzels are one of those things that are hard to mess up, but sometimes it happens.  too greasy, too doughy, stale.  there's a a secret technique to having a tasty little twisted dough treat.  this place has it down!

i couldn't resist the cinnamon pretzel (although the toasted almond one will be my next conquest) with sweet glaze.  the pretzel was fantastic.  cooked perfectly, not too doughy, but had that fresh baked taste.  it had enough sugar to coat all my fingers, which means it was just enough!  the sweet glaze is pretty much cinnamon roll icing.  it tasted a little like icing and was incredibly thick.  i may have dipped my finger in it after i was done with my pretzel. 

speaking of the end....of my pretzel.  i was sad when i finished it.  i wanted more, which is the point of having quality products.  they also had a variety of other flavors of pretzels and dipping sauces.  if you're looking for the total lunch package you can get a pretzel dog (a pretzel wrapped hot dog) and a dessert pretzel.  done and done! 

i'm hooked!i had no clue what to expect from a name like this.  true yinzer nation would expect a pretty casual dahntahn type environment, with lots of tv's to watch the stillerz.  there are tons of tv's to watch dem' stillerz, but that's about where it ends for the casual feel.  

if you can imagine what an upscale diner looks like, that's what you've got.  gone are the sometimes dirty greasy feel of a diner and in are the shiny seats and fancy "artwork."  if you consider artwork being a huge curtain of the city skyline.  

the menu has a little bit of everything from pasta to steak to seafood.  not much else in between.  it was odd because i was more drawn to the app choices than i was to the main entrees.  not many veggie options for my veg head friends.  

between the three of us we decided between two app choices; the eggplant and shrimp risotto.  the risotto in my opinion was the best.  i really enjoy a creamy risotto and this hit the creamy spot!  i also enjoy la well done, almost crispy eggplant and i felt like this was a bowl of sauce and cheese with some slightly cooked eggplant.  the sauce was good though....so maybe if they have a red sauce pasta in the future try that!

we also ordered the caprese salad which was so so.  you could tell the tomatoes weren't farm fresh.  more like giant eagle "fresh."  good tomatoes need to be in a caprese salad if you're offering it!  

we ordered the lemon sole w/ shrimp entree that was served on top of mashed potatoes.  this was excellent.  the fish was perfectly cooked and you could really taste the lemon infused in everything, right down the mashed taters.  it was super tasty!  

the best part?  they don't have their liquor license yet and are giving away free booze (yessss!).  so i indulged in a nice big mug (yep, a mug o' beer) of blue moon.

having been to so many farm to table restaurants lately, i feel underwhelmed by the obviously not so fresh offerings.  some of the dishes were just ok, while the main entree shined.  i think the place has potential to be great...but use your local farmers....it's all about the fresh ingredients to make a  quality meal these days!i'm surprised this hasn't been reviewed yet.  oh wait, i shouldn't be...it's in south side works.  between two closed stores....

nonetheless, it's a tiny little gelato shop that totally hit the spot when i was craving something sweet (which is usually always) after dinner.  i ordered the almond cookie crunch in an extra small cup.  no worries about the extra small, it's a nice healthy scoop of gelato.  it filled my sweet cravings for the night (or for a couple hours at least!).  

i'm wary on how long it will last with hardly anything down here, plus a rita's right around the corner....but it has lasted a couple months or a year (?) so maybe other stores will open around it and ss works will suddenly be revived...all because of a gelato store.  ok, those are high hopes.  but if you are going to one of the five stores still down there, stop in for a sweet treat!what an a-dor-able place!  

from the outside you'd never know how big it is!  once you step in you realize there's seating on the floor for a handful of people and then a cute little loft style area up above that probably seats around 25-30.  

the menu is pretty extensive for a coffee shop, with the norms being the espresso based drinks, chai (yay!) and teas.  but they also have a slew of smoothies.  they all looked amazing but i opted for the manager's choice, an amaretto latte.  i'm a sucker for almond, what can i say.  it was perfect to my specifications (skim and extra hot that it burns my tongue slightly).  a smoothie will be saved for another day...don't you worry!

i was interested to hear from chatting a bit with the manager that they're connected with local.  they receive all their wraps freshly made from the restaurant down the street each morning.  the manager is also a pastry chef and makes delicious looking pastries (which i, sadly, did not partake in after eating a oh so bad for you chinese lunch!).

i love when places have completely fresh food offerings.  it makes you feel better about purchasing them, in terms of freshness and just supporting local businesses.  i'm excited to make this a regular on my work day coffee shop rotation.  added bonus, free wi f!  

oh, and i will be back for you pumpkin scone, be sure of that!when a restaurant advertises that they're specializing in their drinks as much as their food, i always worry they're going to be stronger in one category and weaker in another.  not here my friends, it's the whole package!

i love the wine set up.  much like their sister restaurant in the east end, toast, you're able to choose from a 2 oz pour to a full glass and everything in between.  i love this option because you're able to sample lots of different wines you may have been wary about trying.  almost like a wine flight at a nice winery.  i've been so obsessed with the malbec recently so i had to go with this one.  although the bartender told me this choice was much less peppier than the south american malbec's that i love, i thought this still had a nice little kick to it!

so me and my friend split the brie brule and local beets salad.  both were divine!  the brie came in two big triangles with pears and honey drizzled on top and bread.  it was so delicious, honey really adds to a dish...especially a cheese dish. the beets were as promised, farm fresh and nice and crisp with honey goat cheese on top (honey strikes again!).  

for the main dish i ordered the acorn squash with shrimp and polenta.  as many times as i've tried to make acorn squash, it's never come out with the perfection like this one did!  the presentation was just beautiful!  the squash was cut into a generous sliver with the polenta and shrimp laid on top.  the polenta was creamy and rich, i only wish it was seasoned a bit more (i'm not a big salt person...but it just seemed like it needed a tad more salt n' pepper perhaps?).  i thought the shrimp was just enough to satisfy my seafood cravings.  

low lighting and warm wood tones make it good for a girls night (like mine) or a super romantical date night.  i'll be back for both soon!i'm kinda chiding myself for not stopping in earlier! let's blame it on the ultra steep hill next to it. it just drags me down! but this place is a great pick-me-up!

i love the fact that it's a non-profit, so the proceeds go back into the community of beechview. great idea, right? and just knowing that concept made me excited! but walking in it doesn't give you a vibe that it's not a fully functioning coffee shop. there's a full menu and even sweet treats!

i was pleasantly surprised to see horchata on the menu. i was excited at the prospect of it being freshly made. although it's not, i can vouch that it's still pretty good over ice. add a shot of espresso for a dirty hor (shhh don't tell mom!). 

i love the inviting environment like the chess game that was going on while i was there. or the bring your own mug shelves. that's right... you can bring and leave your own mug to grab while you sit and relax. i love that personal touch!

since sugar closed in dormont, i was looking for a place to call my "home" coffee shop close to home. this could fill that void finally!another great vintage shop to add in the burgh!  i'm really glad there is another addition, because to me, there's never too many places to search through fantastic vintage pieces!

the place is small, but you can tell they don't accept just anything.  the selection the owner chooses is very wearable pieces you can actually work into your regular wearing sched!  great blouses, dresses and pants as well as a decent selection of purses.  

if you're a dude, or can snap up a smaller size, they have a special section for vintage t's.  i think this is actually a really cool idea, who doesn't came across a great zach attack t-shirt once in a while! 

the prices aren't outrageous either, which is always refreshing for vintage finds!  i'm only going to pay over $25 if it's a really really amazing find that i know i'll regret not purchasing.  here's to affordable shopping!i figured i'd just do a "world tour" of mad mex's in the area as of late.  so here goes another one (but pay no attention to the fact that i was just at another one on sunday)...

the newest addition to the mex clan looks...about the same as all the others.  i do love the open garage door front like the mcknight rd has.  the bar area is also a little bigger than greentree and mcknight, which is smart for the location.  college students = drinking. i also was a little bummed that happy hour was from 4:30-6:30....boo! i need it til 7 pahleeze?

for the first time my friend encouraged me to go out of my comfort zone and try something new, so we got the pickadippa.  i know, not really venturing too much outside, but it was worth it!  i loved the bean dip (that they also have at sister restaurant kaya) and really enjoyed the spicy cheese dip as well.  when you combine the cheese and reg salsa together it's like dippa magic!

i ordered one of my reg meals, the taco salad. recently (well, sunday) i had some issues with the gauc) and this time i'd say i was a little disappointed with the salad.  it had way too much beef in it and not enough of the good stuff (um, like healthy salad). a little bummed.

i still won't give up on you mad mex, i have faith....that i'll still be back to visit!i know it says women's clothing but in my mind i had it made up that it was only men's. i have obviously found out the good truth that it does i fact sell women's clothing. it kind of covers the whole spectrum with dressed, fancy night wears, casual t's and cardi's. the prices are what you'd expect for a boutique. around $50 average for an item. 

i really think the look of the store is what threw me off because it just has a manly type of look, but it's very well organized and put together. doesn't matter to me as long as you have nice clothes! i also like the fact that they sell local t shirts from the cotton factory and common wealth press. it's a great place to stop in and pick up some new threads on the south side!serious hidden gem amongst the shopping mecca that is the waterfront.  it's a historic building that used to be used for pumping (dah) water back in the dizzay.  now it's beautifully restored to house some pretty great things!

the rivers of steel operate the pump house market that runs on saturdays and sundays that have local food vendors and artists who sell merch.  it's a really great place to pick up local instead of shopping at the iggle.

the one thing i always think of when i go in there is how great it would be to rent out for a wedding or small event.  i'd say it would fit maybe 100 people comfortably, but it would be a really unique place to hold an event.  looking for something different, this is the place!!i really really believe this place can be great!  it has all the right things in place.  gorgeous restaurant, delicious looking menu and almost 150 different tequila's on tap (hooooollllaaaa!!!).  

this is their "soft opening" week, which was marked on their menu (smart, right?!) so i felt like i could give them some grace.  i've worked in restaurants before, i've actually opened one as server once, so i know there's ebbs and flows to the start of a business.  

let's start with the drinks!  i thought my drink was awesome!  really well made actually (with great tequila's to boot!).  i ftried the baja eden, which is a passion fruit and pomegranate margarita.  it was served in a wine glass and when it was presented to me (beautifully, with a tiny edible flower inside) i almost gasped.  it was not very full.  like, not at all.  but, when i looked over at my friends full glass of marg and ice, i realized it probably equaled out to be the same.  but once i tasted it, i forgot how small it was, because it was incredible!  i would absolutely suggest this! 

food wise, i thought everything was very tasty.  i love the fresh chips and....let me say a little somethin' somethin' about the salsa.  i'm a huge salsa fan.  i love chunky tomato salsa.  i hate runny salsa.  i had fruity salsa.  i haven't had many different salsa's i enjoyed actually.  the roasted green tomatillo salsa they serve was awesome!  i could have drank it, it was that good!  we also ordered the gauc, hearing a rumor it was made right at your table.  it is not made at the table, but i do suspect it's fresh.  i wanted a little more kick to my gauc, but it wasn't bad at all.

for the entree, my friend and i split the enchiladas de verduras.  you could absolutely taste the smoked veggies of swiss chard, tomato, mushrooms and caramelized onions.  it also had cheesy queso sauce and salsa roja.  the only thing that was wrong with my meal was the soft taco was pretty soft....soggy actually.  it didn't deter me from eating it, because it was delish....but maybe a little less sauce?  

the service was lacking.  again, i understand it's a soft opening, so i won't go into details.  but i can only assume (hope!) they'll get that together asap! for how much detail went into everything here, i'm assuming they want to be around for a while!

i'm very excited to come back on wednesdays, where every tequila under $18 is $3 for a tasting.  not bad to try a bunch of different kinds!  they also offer different tequila flights that i'm excited to try out.  i have pretty much decided i will become a tila expert by mid winter!  i'll be back for you tila!!the food is good, yes... but let's take a moment to talk about the tequila.  oh, the tequila!  it's seriously top quality!  if you're a fan of this lovely liqueur you need to try the flights they have.  we tried the flight 101 and 102.  both are great introductions into their infused choices.  

out of both flights there was a common theme with the three.  one was peppery, one was sweet and one was floral.  out of the three i loved the spicy, peppery one!  i can't wait to go back and order that specific one in a drink! i think i'm going to become an expert on tequila....

so don't make the same mistake i did and come there and not order a flight!  do it!  you won't regret it, i promise!  plus you get to snack on some delicious homemade chips and salsa...life's grand!i just wanted to update again because it's been a while and i have to say i have always had a good experience here. i know the reviews seem to vary, probably mainly with the endless debate of "is this authentic" mexican. but really all i know is that it was delicious food.

i love the family style tacos they're offering right now. that means you order your meat and then it comes with all the fixin's to share with your dining partner. we ordered the carne asada and fish tacos. the carne asada was bomb! so flavorful! i thought the fish was good, but could have used a little more seasoning. 

i love their cocktails too. it's rare you can get a well made tequila cocktail without it being a sugary sweet mix of something as horrifying as dailey's mix. but we watched as they squeezed the limes themselves!

i'd like to come more often for the tequila flights, i've gotta "study" my tequila:)it's so exciting to see another locally owned addition to market square!  

i thought it was going to be bigger when i started watching the place being remodeled, but i'd say it's a mid size place.  not as small as winghart's but not nearly as big as nola.  the atmosphere is very all american.  lots of tv's for sports (stillerz of course) and old pics of market square adorning the walls.  it's like it almost wants to be an english pub but wants to lean towards a sports bar with all the tv's.  

everything on the menu looked good and i was going to go for the healthy salad option, but thought i'd be cheating myself by not trying something else tasty on the menu!  so i opted for the portobello burger.  at first i thought this was a veggie option, since some places call them a "burger" but it's really a big porto cap in the middle of a bun.  maybe i should also read the description before i order, oh well, i got excited!  

this was a very large cap over a burger in a bun.  toss in some melted swiss cheese and canalized onions and there you go!  the only thing that disappointed me was that i asked for it a bit of pink and it came completely cooked, so the burger itself didn't have much taste.  the porto was seasoned and marinated very well and i loved the carm onions.  the fries were skinny, not necessarily shoe string (which i hate), and ended up being really crisp and seasoned well.  the slaw, not a winner.  i'm a harsh judge of slaw and this just didn't hold up.  if you're gonna be a vinegar slaw, i want to taste it, and i didn't really.

i have a lot of  hope i'll have a really awesome meal here at some point.  i kinda want to come back to order a dinner option or come for their happy hour (the real test to a great bar/restaurant).  hh specials were advertised, and i like a special, so i'll be back!this place has been on my radar for forever! every time i tried to go they were closed though. shame on me for not checking the hours, but they aren't open for lunch on the weekdays when i find myself in shadyside for meetings.

the menu looked tantalizing. i love veggies and absolutely don't mind the restaurant's approach to gluten-free and vegetarian food. i zeroed in on the vegetable scramble which had assorted veggies, back eyed peas and avocados scrambled with organic eggs. i was hesitant about the gluten-free toast, i usually don't feel like gluten-free toast is any good, but that may have been the best part of the meal!

unfortunately, the scramble was very bland. it had everything going for it, all the right ingredients, but lacked any flavor. i doctored it up with pepper and salt, but it still didn't do much. i also got the red pepper soup, which tasted bland as well. the only difference was when i added salt and pepper to this, it tasted a little better. 

the highlights were local gryphon's tea (love the chai!) and incredibly friendly service. other than that, i was disappointed. especially with all the glowing reviews! hope it was just an off day...i felt as though i had to give this place a couple tries before i rated it.  i think because i really wanted to like it, since i was so excited to see a new business open up in my hood.  

first time i went in i was in the mood for something fallish, so i got the pumpkin muffin.  not a winner.  it didn't have enough flavor in terms of pumpkin or cinnamon.  i was really disappointed.  but, i spotted these cute individual sized pineapple upside down cakes.  next time, i said to myself. 

so next time i visit, the pineapple upside down cake was mine!  and, it was everything i'd hoped it would be!  it was moist and full of pineapple flavor and...i wanted more!!  

third time i go in was the tie breaker.  i ordered a raspberry almond muffin and it was also moist and packed with flavor.  this time i spotted my next object of affection, a pumpkin roll, with massive amounts of cream cheese inside.  yum-o!  i will be back for that one!

although, the one teenage girl who who's helped me every time i've been in is a little grumpy.  i get it, working on a saturday morning is not fun, but good for you, you have a job!  make a good impression!   


so in the end i'm happy.  i can look past the moody teen to get to my sweet treats!sushi to go in downtown: amazing concept!

in reality....the sushi tastes like...to go sushi.  you know, the kind you get at giant eagle, whole foods or other grocery stores.  except way less options and more expensive.  

if i was working downtown and i was craving sushi hardcore, would i buy it from here? maybe if i didn't have time to stop in at penn ave fish co and i was in dire need of a sushi fix.  okay, let's face it.  i probably wouldn't.  skip it and head to penn ave.  there's always time for good sushi!caffe mona you snuck up on me!  i was searching for a place to grab brunch and stumbled upon this place.  i didn't know where it came from, but apparently my friend pointed out that it used to be j'eet.  

it's really very homey inside.  i love the wood accents and casual feel.  what drew me in was a promise of fabulous french toast.  that promise was kept thankfully!  i love a good prix fixed menu and for $13.99 you can get three courses of breakfast goodness!  

first course was a fruit dish.  it was actually a plate full of apples, pears and watermelon.  way bigger than i thought and fresh to boot.  the second course i choose the fig, apple and brie french toast.  the fig was baked into a large slice of french toast while the brie was melted on top adorned with a couple thinly sliced pieces of apple.  it was incredibly tasty and had a plentiful amount of fig!  

if the air issue is cleared up i'd happily hunker myself down here for a afternoon work sesh.  they offer free wifi and we even had a dude sitting next to us with his laptop out, so i feel like they're welcome to workers.  

the last course was an apricot preserve on a crepe.  the apricot was so so good!  it's definitely something you're not going to get everywhere.  i may have thought it was a lot of bread if they hadn't served that huge plate of fruit, so thanks for not making me feel guilty caffe mona!

the one complaint is that it was hot as hades inside.  like the oven's been on all day and we don't have a strong enough air conditioner/don't have one on at all hot.  it was pretty uncomfortable so good thing the food was a win or i may have been outta there by the first course!  as long as they get that under control i'd return.  

looks like they're welcoming to workers considering they offer free wifi and we were sitting right next to a busy little worker bee next to us.  so pump that air and i'll spend the day ordering up some delish food and have a nice little work day!i may have to start every mexican restaurant review with a warning: i'm not an expert on mexican food but i sure did tear up the burrito i ordered!  translation...i thought it was amazing!

for a burrito to please me, it needs to be big (this was huge!) and have delicious and flavorful ingredients.  i ordered the shrimp burrito and the first thing i noticed was that there was a ton of shrimp in it and they seemed to be fresh and not frozen.  i love me some sauces and i think that really topped it off for me because the queso sauce inside was incredible!  there was also loads of rice, peppers, onions, and tomatoes.  the only issue was that it was too stuffed and the whole thing fell apart.  i didn't really mind, considering i just ripped it apart with a fork and demolished it!

so now that you know i'm a fan of the burrito, i have to also talk about how the chips were definitely freshly baked and probably some of the best chips i've ever had.  i realize that normally people want a kick to their salsa, but since i end up crying after a couple bites of something hot, the mild salsa was just right for me.  i also love chunky salsa, and this fit the bill.  the gauc was whipped and not chunky at all.  i was a little surprised, but i still thought it was good.  

i just wish this place wasn't on route 51.  how awful is 51 with the traffic??  i worry it could be the downfall of this place because it stands alone, not really around anything else. i also hope they start letting you bring in the booze...i would have enjoyed a nice dos equis with my meal!  but....

as i'm typing this my mouth is watering for another taste of that fantastic burrito.  i'll be back for you my tasty burrito friend, don't you worry!i'm so in love with the porch!!!  

for realz people!  this place has it all!  the set up is so awesome.  i can't believe this is another part of the eat n' park family (although i have mad love for the e n' p, being my first job:)  it's really open, with nice dark wood, which actually also makes it feel cozy too.  i think the open fire place helped as well!  you really don't expect such a nice place to be in oakland (sorry peeps, when i think oakland, i think hemingway's and dive bars). 

i don't mind the help yourself kind of set up either.  you gaze over the menu of delicious looking foods.  decide what you want, which is, in fact, pretty hard with how amazing everything sounded.  i went with the rocket salad.  i was sold with the word beets!  i was also sold with the amazing sounding warm spiked cider on the chalkboard.  okay, i'll admit it, i was also sold with the taters (because i had read the reviews already, which had stated they were delish!).  so, i pigged out.  well worth it my friends!

the salad was really amazing.  it was a great spring mix of lettuce, a good amount of beets and a light sherry vinaigrette dressing.  i thought there was a little too many croutons and chorizo.  but i loved the parmesan and sunflower seeds.  overall, a win.  i also enjoyed the taters.  for some reason i thought they were going to be more like tots, but they ended up being more like homefries.  now, if you like crispy homefries, you'll love this!  there's tons of crispy little potato pieces amongst large chunks of taters.  i love me some crispy taters, so this was totally fine with me!  i wasn't too into the curry ketchup, but i'm a 100% heinz devotee, so this isn't surprising if you know me.  but they gladly brought me regular ketchup (i believe heinz:).  

speaking of service....i thought it was awesome!  i feel like when there's a help yourself service, you expect to be ignored most of the time.  but i think there was at least 4 or 5 people that came around to ask if we needed anything, cleared our plates and checked on us again, that it was incredibly impressive!  you will not be ignored!  

oh, and my spiked cider, absolutely satisfying on a crisp winter day!  i loved the taste, the whipped cream and cute little cinnamon stick accent.  love love love everything!

can't wait to return!it's happening. they're taking over the world. one mall at a time and... it's awful.

as you would expect, everything is overpriced. like, way overpriced. my friend really wanted to go (and by friend, i really mean friend, but i admit i kinda wanted to go as well... this is the truth). so we hiked down the not so walking friendly strip all the way from planet hollywood down here. 

my friend was going for those face picture mask things. pretty much a photo on a stick you can hold up to your face so you can be a kardashian too. for the "low" price of $7, you can own a piece of kardashian khaos for yourself. methinks not.

the saving grace? the frozen yogurt store across the way. i'd invest in a delicious $7 treat before i'd invest in a $25 dollar kardashian mug.am i getting pickier in my old age?  am i truly becoming a bitter old italian woman?!  what does this have to do with anything you ask?  

well, i wasn't satisfied here.  maybe the real question is, do new restaurants in pittsburgh really have to bring out their "a" game?  i think the answer is yes!   

we ordered the capreze appetizer.  it was okay. mozzerella didn't taste homemade, needed more balsamic but the tomato's were nice and ripe thankfully!

i ordered my absolute favorite dish in the whole italian world, pasta vodka.  i like my pasta al dente.  it was what i thought was al dente when i bit into a piece that i thought may have been a piece of something that shouldn't be in the dish when i realized it was the penne, just not cooked at all.  yikes!  thankfully it was only a piece or two, but maybe it would have been better to leave it in for a bit longer.  

my vodka sauce was sweet.  almost sickeningly sweet.  i like sweet, and i do realize vodka sauce has that attribute, but it was a bit too much for me.  the dish also had sun-dried tomatoes and what i assume to be onions.  i assume because i couldn't quite tell with the pool of sauce that was still left on my plate after i had finished the actual penne portion.

the ambiance left much to be desired. white floors and walls with mint green table dressings hardly spelled out "old school italian charm."  it actually reminded me of a very clean cafeteria. especially compared to the homey vibe sierra gives off downstairs... this place has got to kick it up a notch somehow. i keep hearing people rave about it being authentic so i'd probably give it another go round, but definitely would pick another dish. 

we'll see!why can't i find myself a delicious greasy chinese place around my hood? is that too much to ask?? i mean, this joint isn't bad by any means. it's just middle of the road chinese. i should have gone with my instinct and tried the sushi, but for some reason i really just wanted lo mien. 

after sampling mekong's lo mien on potomac ave, i thought it was acceptable, but coming in here i realize that it may have been a notch up from acceptable to fairly okay. i ordered the shrimp lo mien here and it wasn't nearly as filled with the good stuff like mekong was. mekong packed their lo mien full of veggies. this was just a little shrimp, some cabbage and a ton of noodles. but the noodles weren't very flavorful. i just need a little flava in my life!

so the next time i venture in here i'll be trying the sushi. i think. if i venture in again. we'll see...i. want. everything! everything!

if that's not only child enough for you, then picture this, pouting that i can't have it all!  i mean, i seriously love everything this store has.  for those who don't know, this store is the "sister" store of jupe boutique in the south side.  i'd say this store is pretty much the same merchandise wise, which isn't a bad thing, because i love jupe equally as much!  

the majority of the merch here is not the same as jupe, but there are some repeats.  i just love whoever buys for this store because the things i see here, i'm not seeing in the malls.  if you shop here, you'll truly get something that not many people have.  

i'm very into feminine stores, and i feel like this store is super girly, with tons of dresses, skirts, blazers, cardi's as well as unique jewelry, purses and scarves.  the first day i visited i bought an adorable brown & black polka dot 50's styled dress and a tweed brown belted jacket.  

this is a fabulous edition to the lawrenceville area and fits right in with all the other fantastic shops on butler...i will be seeing you soon beautiful clothing, don't worry!my first foray into yoga! i mean, i did do yoga once at the gym, but it was super lame! i have nene won over here. this is coming from someone who swore up and down that she would never do hot yoga... now i go once a week!

it's interesting being a "beginner" yogi. i'm still learning a lot, but feel very comfortable here. i usually take the basics classes on monday or wednesday and i enjoy that not one class is the same, even with the same instructors, they're constantly switching things up.

i've done the all levels class before too, and while they definitely do more advanced moves, the instructors never make you feel bad you can't do them. i also like that they walk around and help you with your form from time to time.

the prices seem competitive with most other yoga studios in the area. i also think it's cool they offer pay-what-you-can classes on specific nights. 

i'm hooked, i can finally admit it!i had been dreaming of this place opening in pittsburgh for years.  i had a girlfriend who worked at the one in michigan and she guided me through the tricks and treasures of mongo (as they call it, i know, i'm so "in").  

we ordered a pitcher of sangria because sharing is caring folks!  i was very excited about it because i felt in the mood for something fruity and refreshing, something a sangria should be like.  this was not.  this was strawberry soupy-ness mixed with some alcohol.  it was not good.  i'm not sure if this was something the new bartenders made wrong or it's just the way they make it.  just be warned:)

i was so the pro, i knew to not pile a bunch of meats into the bowl and i knew to pile that bowl high because it shrinks once it's cooked.  so i get my mix ready:shrimp and scallops, pad thai noodles, lots of veggies and a crap load of water chestnuts because who can resist those!  i choose the bd's teriyaki the first round and the kung poa the second.  the teriyaki fell flat but the kung poa was just the right mix of spicy and sweet i was looking for.  

for the grand finale we were brought out this massive glass full of ice cream, one massive brownie (that could really pass for a large piece of cake) whipped cream and fudge.  holy bajebus it was huge!  but it was seriously massively delicious.  you absolutely have to split it or you may have to be rolled out.  

the thing is, i think my palate has changed.  there's so many wonderful local unique pittsburgh restaurants that offer such fantastic fresh food, it's hard to keep up when you're a chain.  don't get me wrong, i'm sure this won't be the last time i go there or the last time i go to a chain, but it just isn't the same...and i think that's probably for the better.here's the truth (which i'll always give you), if i hadn't gone to california taco shop before i went here, i probably would have given this place another star.  since i have...it's a-ok.  which i always have to remind myself, is not by any means bad.  

it's very tiny, with only two real tables, but they offer a great take out service so it makes up for the tiny dinning accommodations.  besides, if you're like me, you inhale the burrito you purchase in 2.5 seconds and you're done, so it wouldn't matter if i had to stand and eat it.  

i ordered the steak burrito.  i really wanted a shrimp one, but there are no seafood options on the menu.  the other menu option missing is fresh tortilla chips.  total bummer considering they bring you a fantastic spread of regular salsa, salsa verde and jalapeno's.  i could have used something to dip in it!  so the next option was to slather my burrito in it.  

i thought the burrito itself was good, but definitely not a giant one you'd get at cali taco shop or reyna's in the strip.  it's more of a taco size, you'll need more than one if you have a big american appetite like i do!  the steak was a little too salty for my taste, but was cooked just right.  the rice was really the winner of the burrito.  it had just the right amount of lime added.  loved it!  

would i go back?  sure, why not.  but i probably wouldn't order the steak again and i'd hope they have chips next time!  plus, it's a fantastic addition to the neighborhood!what's wrong with me!? i haven't update this review when it has so clearly earned it's way up to a five star establishment, without a doubt!

all my previous complaints... gone!  

it's bigger.  and i don't just mean the burrito!  they've put two outdoor tents up so there's plenty of additional seating outside.  hopefully they'll get some heat lamps in for the colder months, it'd be a shame to lose all that seating!  

the burrito... bigger! i inhaled a large burrito last night and was stuffed. could barely eat one jamaican jerk wing. jamaican jerk wing you say? yep, they've added new items to their menu! and guess what? my burrito was shrimp! exactly what i had wanted all along. they now offer a shrimp diablo and shrimp curry option.  my shrimp diablo was hot, maybe not to the spicy food lover, but hot for the "i like spicy food but it's hard to take" spicy food fan. plus, i could tell it was fresh shrimp and a good size.

and that salsa verde they serve? i could eat gallons! still not so hot on the red salsa, but the salsa verde, a winner!

we walked in on a random wednesday night at 7:30 and there was a line! that makes me really excited for them. they deserve the business because they serve up awesome food! now that i live in the hood, you can bet i'll be stopping in once a week. okay, maybe twice... who knows! all i know is that it rocks my world!

*they take credit cards!i'm conflicted.  half of me says "meh. i've experience better" and half of me says "a-okay."  let me break this down for you....

when you have a flexible schedule and can travel anywhere in the city, pass this sucker by.  there's so many other fabulous non-chain restaurants in the burgh to try out!  on the flip side, i understand working downtown sometimes the options get slim or stale.  let's face it, downtown is only so big folks.  for a downtown office worker, this place is "a-okey."  

i tried the japanese pan noodles.  i liked that i could order wheat noodles.  i liked that there was broccoli, carrots and sprouts in it.  that's where it ended.  it was kinda bland and forgettable.  would it suffice for a fast lunchtime meal, yes.

what i was amazed by...the fancy schmancy pop machine.  it's completely digital and you're able to choose from every coke product imaginable.  when i picked coke zero, i was expecting the choice of, well, coke zero.  instead, not only was i able to get normal coke zero, i could get cherry vanilla, raspberry, lemon, lime and a couple other choices.  i assume they add syrup to those choices...but it was pretty cool.  i love when technology and food combine!  heck, i'd come here just to grab a pop instead of 7-11.  

there's supposed to be beer, which was advertised on the menu and on the front door, but it's not there yet.  i'd be interested to see what they carried because it looked like there's no tap, so i assume just bottles.  i'd like to see a fancy machine like the coke machine with alcohol!  wouldn't that be grand!?i had only one expectation coming here.  that it was going to blow my mind and...it sure did!

i am in no way a connoisseur of cured meats.  i actually wasn't fully aware of what the true meaning was.  as our server explained it to us, it's the process of using the entire animal for the meal and then curing it by adding spices, smoking it or preserving it for later in salt.  you could say i almost went into this blindly...but the other yelpers reviews don't lie!

we started off with two meat and cheese platters:
salami -lardo, mortadella, pate campagola, ciccioli, chicken rillettes, cornichon, mustard, red onion, pickles and beets
pa farmstead cheeses - stone meadow, crottin de chevre, commonfolk, blue misty river, midnight dream and candied prunes

i was surprised to like the chicken rillettes the most (i'm not the biggest chicken fan).  it seemed to have the most flavor to me.  the mustard was awesome! i wanted to slather it on everything! i also enjoyed the homemade pickled pickles (heehee), beets and onions.  i really liked the crottin de chevre because i like hard and sharp cheeses more than the softer ones.  it was an awesome combo with the light honey drizzle and the candied prunes.  can you believe i've never had a prune?  the thought of them scared me, but it was delicious!

since i've never been to a place like this before i wasn't too sure what to order for dinner.  i just picked the meat i thought sounded best, which was the duck.  i'm not lying when i took my first bite and my first thought was "orgasmic!"  seriously folks, the duck was so tender and succulent with a crisp and incredibly well seasoned outside.  i had devoured the first slice of duck before i realized i hadn't cut off the fat...oops.  first thought was i should cut the rest off....eh...whatever it's all incredible, i'm downing the whole package baby!  

i also loved the spaetzle, melted cabbage, mustard and apple combo it came with.  i'm a huge cabbage fan and the flavors were just incredible again.  i would have licked my plate if i could, next best thing was leaving not a morsel left.  

the finale of our meal was the chocolate souffle cake with pistachio butter.  i will say, i do not usually like chocolate cake but this was again orgasmic and a total party in my mouth.  just so moist with a perfect balance of chocolate so that it wasn't too rich.  and the pistachio butter, incredible!  can i get that in a jar to go please?

it gets better though!  it's byob, so bring your fave bottle!  reservations are a must, as it's a tiny place.  i have to also add that service was incredible and my water glass never fell below the halfway point.  the servers also were super descriptive with the menu and helped make our decisions easier.  i so appreciate good service...you could just tell they enjoyed what they were doing and were totally into the food!  i mean, who wouldn't at this point!this was on weird experience.  it's hard to formulate what happened.

i think i can only sum it up by saying it was a place that was just about ready to open, but not quite.  there was a casual atmosphere to the place, almost like you were walking into one of your friends houses.  one of your friends that totally unprepared and a little bit messy (probably me, seriously!).

the service was extremely friendly, but not as knowledgeable as you'd expect for a "fine" dining experience.  the menu leaves little explanation of what you can choose from, so you're left with the server explaining it...if they can.  

we were all very open to trying anything and not picky, so we went with the servers recommendations.  the first plate out, a charcuterie board was okay, but nothing too mind blowing.  a couple inventive meats, cheese and a really delish nut spread.  the next couple apps were hit or miss.  the duck blt, crazy amazing!  the greens and beans, okay.  the boudin balls, a fried risotto ball, pretty good.  the patatas bravas, pretty awesome crispy homefry like dish.  hit or miss.

the main course, fell pretty flat.  we opted to split the goat ragu and the fluke en soar.  the fluke was the better of the two, being flavorful with the vinegar and two huge pieces of fish, but missing a nice accent (small pieces of grape don't count).  the ragu was not good.  the sauce wasn't very flavorful, or plentiful (i like a good sauce!) and i need to preface this by saying, i like al dente pasta and this was borderline right out of the box, maybe boiled for a minute, pasta.  the goat party, meh.  

the real shinning star was the drinks.  i ordered the vanillaorange thing, which tasted like an orange julius.  straight up, no lie, awesome!  my next drink was a red pepper accented tequila gimlet.  no traditional vodka.  it was very good, although a little watery than my friends first gimlet that i stole a sip of.  

i wouldn't be opposed to coming in for a cocktail again, but i'd be wary about eating there again.  we'll see with time...i realized that i hadn't gotten around to updating this review! to be fair, the first time i went to bar marco was when it had just opened. hopefully you'd expect a biz to grow in time, and i really feel like they've hit their stride.

bar marco is not just a bar. it's a restaurant. it's an art gallery. it's an event space. it's a creative space. it's really become so many things. and you'd think by being so many different things you wouldn't find your identity, but i think they've done a good job of cultivating a community rather than just a bar. 

but... just a bar they're doing quite fine! i love their creative cocktails. they always have expert bartenders at the helm. i'm a big fan of the infusion drinks, but also enjoy a classic one like the aviation. and, if you sit at the bar, you may be lucky enough to try a taste of something they've just created! 

their brunch is super tasty. i very much enjoyed my ricotta orange pancakes. i mean, like really enjoyed. to the point that i desperately wanted more. i do warn you, this is not a "stuff yourself silly" brunch, but a regular sized portion. so if you're looking for a buffet style meal, you may want to go elsewhere. but if you're looking for flavor and taste, this is your jam! 

i also love the concept of no menu mondays, where they bring in a guest chef to cook the dinner. it's usually tied with a charity that will benefit by the sales. it's just an amazing concept, because again, it's cultivating a community. i love to see restaurants getting along with other restaurants. more power to collaborating rather than being against! 

writing this just makes me want a cocktail right now... see you at the bar!i have been waiting and waiting and waiting some more for this particular gym to open!  i live in mt. washington, so there's very limited options for working out.  the south hills is out because the traffic is just horrid and too far.  downtown is out because there's no parking and the same sitch was happening with the south side.  i mysteriously received a flyer on my car back in september and was so psyched.  come to find out it wasn't opening until the winter, which was like forever!

but finally this week, i was able to walk into a beautiful new gym.  convenient to me, with 2 hours free validated parking in the garage.  perfect!  the bottom floor is all weight machines and free weights.  the top floor has a classroom, cycle room and a large open room filled with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and all those other fancy machines (i wish i knew the fancy term for those elliptical/treadmill hybrids).  

there's a nice size locker room, but remember to bring your lock.  they have about 8 showers and a sauna.  i did notice there's no towels, which kinda sucks, but isn't too big a deal...i'll just wipe the sweat on my shirt:)

i like that the contract is month to month and they don't lock you in for a whole year.  you just never know what will happen and i hate to have a full year in lock down.  they also guarantee the rate you sign up for is the rate you'll have forever.  so when you sign up, they make you pay your initiation fee and your first and last month dues.  that last month is their "promise" to never raise rates on you.  i'm still a bit cautious on that, but we'll see!

the class schedule literally just came out, but i'm really excited for pilates, yoga, bootcamp and some abs classes.  don't tell anyone, but i may take some hip hop classes too (i like to dance, but man am i horrible with choreographed moves!).  i'll have to give you an update on classes later...let's just hope i make it to the gym for a couple months straight!i'm horrified by my experience today. it. smelled. awful!

and here's the thing. gyms probably naturally smell awful. but it's the staff/gyms job to not let that smell linger. of course there's going to be sweat, b.o. and god knows what else lingering long past your work out. but i'd think it should be one of the main objectives to keep it smelling fresh, because you'd want to keep people coming in.

but here's the thing. i'm paying for not only the use of the machinery, but also the actual space. do i want to work out in a place that smells like stale b.o.? no way! i want to work out in a clean, properly air conditioned and comfortable space. none of these things are happening here right now. 

that brings me to my next point. every summer the place suffers from stale and poorly ventilated air. what does that mean? it's freakin' hot in herre! i'd understand you wouldn't want to work out in an ice box. but this isn't a sauna either. it's awful and you can tell it's not supposed to that way. 

i'll leave you with this final fact. i hopped on the elliptical today and there was gum on the front part where you'd put your cell phone. seriously?? that's rude for the person that did that, but rude that no one would clean that up. i'm honestly disgusted at this point. 

i hope they clean up their act (literally) or i may take my sweat somewhere else that does a better job masking it.they are certainly keeping it fresh and local at the new crested duck charcuterie!  this little deli actually formed out of a booth at the pittsburgh public market where they sold fresh meats and cheeses.  

now they've got a cute little space in a hopefully (??) up and coming beechview.  here they also have a variety of fresh meats and cheeses.  most, okay, all of which are creative and definitely none of which i've heard of before.  i decided on the caprese sandwich.  i was a little nervi about the tomatoes, since we're way out of tomato season, but the owner assured me they were decent.  so the caprese has mozz, basil, balsamic, tomato and you can add duck proscuitto (!!!) for an $1.50.  little tip, add the duck!  it was really really fresh and succulent, even for thin proscuitto!  the baguette it comes on is also fresh and comes from a local bakery.

i was just very impressed with the owners dedication to all the local businesses.  he even brought in a local soda company and local teas from tupelo teas (try the market spice).  so all you south hills peeps, listen up, stop on in for a sammie or some great local meats and cheeses!now open for dinner service! i'm telling you people, get here, and get here fast!

we pretty much sampled everything on the menu, but since it's small plates, you get a chance to taste a lot. and truly, that's the way to go here!

we started with the cured seafood plate with cold smoked tuna, beet cured salmon, shellfish sausage and a regular charcuterie plate. the charcuterie was incredible as always, with the duck being my favorite choice. the seafood plate was really different, with the sausage being my favorite flavors.

we split the:

lamb steak with sauteed greens, heirloom beans and balsamic
smoked duck with cornbread, hohirabi and radish slaw, strawberry bbq sauce
chicken meatballs with soy and ginger sauce, serrano, sesame, fresh egg yolk

i'm torn between the lamb and chicken meatballs being my favorite dish. the chicken meatballs were just perfect, moist and bursting with flavor. the lamb was cooked medium rare, which is the only way to have it, and the beans... those buttery tasting beans, complimented the dish so well! the duck and combination of strawberry bbq sauce may have been my third fave. but it's hard to rank them when they're all really fabulous! 

chocolate pot de creme just finished off the meal perfectly. not only does chef kevin cure meats well, but he also makes incredible chocolate dishes! i've had the chocolate cake before and and it matched the amazingly chocolate goodness of this one. and this is coming from someone who's not even a choco-aholic! 

it's byob, so bring a bottle and enjoy one of the best meals in the burgh!meh, i've experienced better. but here's the thing. it's in my neighborhood and it's quick chinese. what more can i say? 

i ordered the veggie lo mein. the thing i loved about it, that i don't find in most, is that it was packed full of veggies. the thing i did not love was that the flavor was a little bit soy and a lot grease. don't get me wrong, i know grease has it's place in take-out chinese, but i'd like a little more flavor to my grease. ya get what i'm sayin'?

if it wasn't in my hood probably wouldn't be back. since it is, i'll see ya when i'm lazy and didn't make dinner (which probably means next week).this is great and this is horrible! this is great because the actual food is good. this is bad because it's right down the street from me! what do i do?? how do i not go to get my pad thai fix every day?? these are the problems i deal with!!

hard life, right? so this place is tiny, but it's very clean and service is quick and efficient. for a lunch special you receive soup or salad and 11 different lunch sized main dishes for $7-$8. i had the tom yum veggie soup. i'd never had it before, but it was decent. probably not something i'd seek out though rather than my go to wonton or sweet n' sour soup. it was spicy with a good amount of veggies mixed in. i was bummed to hear there wasn't a choice between other soups that day though. that's okay, still a deal in my book!

for the main dish i ordered the pad thai with shrimp. i know, same old, same old. but i like to first judge a thai place by their pad thai. seems logical enough! i really thought this was a stand up pad thai. still doesn't beat spice island and their tamarind sauce, but it was a good second choice. it wasn't dry with no sauce and it wasn't too saucy, just perfect. i also thought the shrimp was good. couldn't really tell if it was frozen or fresh. but the good thing is, it didn't taste freezer burnt, like i have with other places (gross, i know!). 

the great and horrible thing... they do take out too!you'll find some serious southern hospitality here!

as soon as we walked in what i suppose was one of the owners greeted us with a sweet southern accent.  she asked if we had been there before, and when we replied no, she immediately started to describe what they were all about.  how nice i thought!  she also had us sample each bbq sauce to pick up which one we liked best.

i thought i'd be all about the vinegar based one, but man that was potent!  i liked the original bbq but i opted for a kicky mustard bbq.  so with southern style bbq the owner explained that you put the sauce on last.  i never realized that, so it was interesting to know.  

so i dumped a healthy helping of mustard sauce on top of my pulled pork sandwich.  the pulled pork was awesome, very tender and not a dry piece in the mix.  i knew as soon as i saw the side options i wanted to try the coleslaw.  now, you never know whether a slaw is going to be good or not.  the wrong amount of seasoning, or not enough, can leave it boring or just plain gross.  this was delicious, a true slaw winner in my book!  

just a note, there's not much of a "restaurant."  there's only two benches and two high top tables with no chairs.  i suppose it's just mostly a take out spot.  they also serve delicious (and local!) red ribbon soda!  at $18 for two dinners with sides and drinks i would say it's a cheap/fast dinner option on the go!

can't wait to try some other bbq selections!!after reading so many reviews on the positive and negative about the place i just didn't know what to expect.  my opinion after chowing down there is that there's a lot to love about the place and a lot to be... what's the right word?  annoyed at...

maybe we'll discuss the positive first, the food!  let me first explain that i hardly ever order chicken at a restaurant.  usually it's never cooked right.  sure i order wings here and there, but never as a main dish.  it's usually too dry.  i hardly even eat chicken at home, i can't cook it right either!  so going to a bbq place while dieting creates a lot of challenges.  one is that the bbq chicken (non-fried) was the best option.  so i was nervous, real nervous.  but let me tell you... it. was. awesome!  so tender and juicy and flavorful.  best chicken i've ordered in a restaurant ever!  i was in cluck cluck heaven!  

we went hog wild (funny, right?) and ordered every single one.  when in rome, right?  so let's go down the list.  

cornbread: okay, but a little too grainy for my taste (and $3 for one slice!!)
potato salad: okay.  i like potato salad with crisp not mushy potatoes, and they were but the taste just wasn't there for me.
mac n' cheese: good.  it was incredibly creamy and tasty, but not the best i've ever had (kelly's, six penn kitchen, etc.).
coleslaw: okay. vinegar based, which i usually dig, but again, just wasn't the best i've ever had
baked beans: delicious!  i loved the taste!  bacon, perhaps a little sweet maple syrup or cinnamon?  whatever, it tasted awesome!
greens: the winner!  it was vinegar based as well and bursting with flavor.  toss in some more bacon and bam, best of the night!

the food presentation is pretty cool too.  they just bring out everything on a big metal try and every side comes in a different looking pan it's probably cooked in.  i loved the bbq too because again, the magic ingrediant, it had a ton of vinegar flavor!  good thing they had extra sauce on the table because i doused my chicken in it.  

the bad.  it's way overpriced.  the food is simple but good.  the meats are $12-$22 for half and full racks and the sides are $1-5 on their own.  why the high price?  do you want to be upscale bbq?  does that even make sense?  upscale i imagine has a totally different environment to go with it.  the sad thing is, it's pretty good so i bet they won't lower prices.  

the decor is minimal and simplistic.  red gingham walls and long picnic table seating.  i wouldn't mind the picnic tables if they were a little skinnier.  it's true what everyone's saying, it's hard to hear the person across from you.  also, if it's busy and there's a wait, people at the front are standing there with no tables to put drinks on while they wait and pretty much starring down the people sitting at the tables right in front of them.  it's just awkward and i feel like they need some high tops up front or some bench seating.    

if they lowered prices, i'd probably throw on another star and be back more often.  because of that very reason, i probably won't visit often, even though i did enjoy it.  time will tell....meh.

i ordered a greek salad expecting one as delicious as i'd had in columbus at the pitabilities food truck.  silly me for thinking you could replicate such magic!  this salad... totally el boro.  translation= boring!

iceberg lettuce (bleck), some kalamata olives thrown in and a bland yogurt cucumber dressing.  big let down.  

i also ordered the grape leaves because i couldn't resist.  they weren't bad, i do like a lot of lemon taste to my leaves.  not the best i've had, but definitely not the worst.  

just underwhelmed all across the board.sometimes when i get to a place, i think, what took me so long?! this, my friends, is one of those places!

since being a new south hills resident, i refuse to start the "there's nothing in the south hills" argument. so i go in search. and sometimes there's hits and sometimes there's misses. this is definitely a hit! 

betsy's is a two fold treat. one because they specialize in some funky fresh flavors. i'm not even a fan of lavender, but i loved the lavender raspberry! i actually went through and tried like six flavors! i'm gonna have to say the pittsburgh pride is probably my main jam because i love cake batter, i love brownies and i love some chocolate fudge drizzle! but if you like quirky flavors, this has gotta be a stop on the ice cream train for you!

so the cherry on top is literally that you can top your ice cream with a bountiful supply of sweats over at the toppings bar. i mean, c'mon! you already have this gourmet flavored ice cream and you want more? some people love the decadence (me included!), but i think for your virgin venture here, go for the simple samples of ice cream. then go ham on the toppings the next time. because there will be a next time!wow!  this place is beautiful inside!  

i feel like this is just what lawrenceville needed.  a large, casual restaurant with no agenda.  come one, come all!  the menu is all american, with lots of the faves, burgers, fries, etc.  main dishes are lobster mac n' cheese (saved for another time fo' sho!), meatloaf, etc.  but the place is huge, with a massive bar in the center and chairs and tables spread out around the outside.  it's something i think lola was missing... accessible for large groups with a casual atmosphere.  

but the shinning star?  the drinks!  the drink list is actually much longer than the menu!  they have a full page devoted to fancy schmancy liquor based bevvies.  a then a couple pages of beer and wine.  it's very impressive!

they all sounded good, even the whiskey one, i'm not even a whiskey fan.  i choose the carnegie cucumber.  it was phenomenal.  they served it the right way.  hendrick's gin with cucumber.  most places serve it with a lime, yuck!  the cucumber was actually soaked in gin.  i dare you to eat the whole thing, it's just a slice, but it's potent alone!  

for dinner i ordered the portobello burger with fries.  now let me preface this by saying it had all my fave ingredients.  fresh mozz cheese and a porto soaked in vinegar.  now i love me some vinegar but i felt like it was a tad too much.  that's a shocking statement for me to say.  but my friend thought hers was great, so maybe i was having an off vinegar night:)  i mean, it was still totally tasty and i ate the whole thing... i just may venture over to something else next time.  fries were good and fresh and crispy to my liking.  

the real thing i had my eye on from the start was this amazing looking birthday cake cocktail.  forgive me for not remember the name.  seriously all i can remember is the massive amount of frosting that rimmed my glass... with sprinkles!  this was my dessert and i enjoyed every alcoholic second!  it was funny to have taste the sweet icing against the strong liquor inside the glass.  made with the cake batter liquor, it was really incredible and totally worth the splurge.  and by splurge i mean price - 11 bucks a pop - and calories!  

i can imagine this becoming a regular on the lola circuit for me.  you'll find me in the corner sipping another fancy cocktail!i present to you the brand spankin' new south side winghart's!

that sounded like it's my place, right?  it's not... but it is my jam!  i will not mess around with this review.  winghart's is still thee best burger in the burgh!  their meat is fresh and you can tell.  their fries are spectacularly crispy and delicious.  but the new digs...

gorgeous!  just what the market square winghart's so direly needed... space!  it's huge inside with seating for what i suspect has to be around 80 people, along with a very long bar.  the beer offerings look to be even more wide and varied than the m2 location as well.  i do wish they would have kept arsenal cider on tap here, but i assume they rotate out, so hopefully it will be back!

one thing i will note that i like about the m2 location is that it's fun to sit right in front of the grill.  i like the cooks and staff at that location and it's fun to chat with them while they cook and see the "process."  i do miss that, but jeez, the space south side allows will be amazing for that crowd.  

i did hear a little secret on why their fries are crispy amazingness.  i guess they fry them twice in peanut oil.  and my secret, they have some fancy schmancy burgers (the shipwreck is hard to avoid) but i keep it real with just a good old fashion cheddar burger because i actually want to taste the burger!  

so go here my friends and be merry and eat lots of meat!  oh, their pizza's are bomb too:)this is probably one of those rare places that if i could give a million stars, i would! i just cannot stress how much fun this is! are your ready for this review? keep reading if you can handle a lot of exclamation points!!!!!!

i've gotta be honest, when i first heard the name, i thought this would be one of those color me mine studios where you paint weird ceramic objects that are so bad that you give them to your mom to display because you know she'll be the only one proud of your effort. 

but here, you're not painting weird objects next to 20 screaming 5-year-olds. you're in a really fun, quirky environment enjoying a couple glasses of adult bevvies. adult bevvies you say? why yes! it's byob, so you can bring in your favorite bottle of wine, or in my case, stop up the street at arsenal cider and grab a growler of the good stuff! cups and ice are included, with some chocolate on the table to boot!

so what do you do? well, you walk in and there are 30 seats with a little set-up for you to create your masterpiece. a canvas, brushes, paints and even an apron! they have the drawing traced out for you already, so you don't have to free hand the thing. which, for me, would turn into a total disaster! 

so you follow along as the teacher tells you which paint to put where, how to apply it and which colors to mix it with. as you paint, there's a fun playlist going that you can jam to (sorry to my neighbors who had to listen to me singing along to just about every song!). after you're done you get to take a picture with your painting in a pretty frame that they post on their facebook page. 

so when you sign up online, you can choose what day you want to go depending on what painting they're doing. when i was there, we did the georgia o'keeffe flower (a poppy?). they have some really fun paintings to choose from in the coming weeks. makes me want to come back and paint them all (warhol, pittsburgh skyline, modern designs, etc). for $35 you get a 2-hour session or $45 for a 3-hour session it's a perfect unique night out. and seriously, if you can't think of what to get a friend or family member for gift, this is thee perfect present!

although mine absolutely did not look like the original painting, i was still proud that i did something like that! i'm gonna be honest, it may still go to mom, but it's because she'll be proud!ugh. 

that's how i feel about this place. i mean, that's kinda how i feel about the north shore restaurant options right now. the tilted kilt? no thanks. now pittsburgh grill. ugh. 

i walked through the back end of the restaurant, through the patio, to join my friends for dinner before a show at stage ae. i went through the whole restaurant three times trying to find them. i finally found them in the front cigar bar because they said that was the only available open area (sorry, but so gross smelling). the hostess had told them the wait would be 20 minutes. um, hold up here... something's fishy.

so i ask the server if that's for real. she said, yes, it's a 20 minutes wait. but here's the thing. the bar was packed in the back, but the tables... i'm going to guess they were probably 1/3 full with guests, the rest were completely empty. in my complete and utter shock i blurted out "but there's hardly anyone sitting at the tables!" and she simply responded, "they're all dirty." clearly, they were not all dirty. i have eyes. i saw no dirty tables. 

i know i repeat this til i"m blue in the face, but i've been a hostess and server. just tell me the truth. my guess is that they were understaffed. why they were understaffed could obviously be a couple different reasons. bad planning or people calling off. there's a sold out concert across the street though, schedule accordingly. 

anyway, maybe, just maybe things could get better if the food was good. not so much. i ordered a portobello burger and sweet potato fries. the portobello was smothered in mozz cheese and was pretty bland. the sweet potato fries were the saving grace. they were good. 

i feel like i'm almost forced to come to these places until something better opens up. for me, my go to is always jerome bettis. it's just always solid for me. rivertowne isn't too bad either. just heed my warning and head there instead!love the atmosphere.  unfortunately didn't really love the food as much...

we went during pittsburgh restaurant week so we were able to sample a little taste of everything.  add in a couple flatbreads and apps and we seriously did some damage to the menu!  hearing that the flatbreads were the way to go, we choose the tomato and basil and prosciutto and arugula.  the winner was absolutely the prosciutto.  the tomato one fell very flat against the flavorful prosciutto.  we also ordered the stuffed hot banana peppers.  they also fell flat and didn't offer half as much flavor as this usually flavorful dish should.  plus, they were uber tiny.  literally two tiny peppers that were barely able to be split between two people.

i had the caesar salad for the first course, which was way too salty.  i realize that it was probably "authentic" in the way they used anchovy, but it was overkill.  if you're ever looking for a killer caesar head to lidia's in the strip, they know how to do it!  

second course was the rigatoni and shrimp.  the rigatoni was al dente, which i like.  the sauce was okay, but nothing special.  the shrimp was the standout of the meal.  it had three jumbo shrimp and all of them were fresh and delicious!  if those shrimp weren't included the dish would have been a letdown.  

the third course i chose the cannoli duo.  i was really not impressed.  it was a grainy filling and i wasn't too into the lemon/chocolate chip combo. it left me craving a real dessert somewhere... hence drinking more afterwards:)

my dinning buddies all agreed it just wasn't a memorable food experience.  there's dishes i still think of because they were so good.  this joint is new, so hopefully they have a bit to work on some things... hopefully!this is really weird for me.  i don't like whiskey.  i've never met a whiskey i've liked actually.  was it i hadn't found the right one for me?  i think so, because this whiskey is legit!  

from the special pomegranate whiskey cocktail they served to the straight up whiskey tasting, it was delightful!  i can't believe i actually enjoyed the taste!  i think i sway more towards the rye whiskey than the wheat.  the rye has a spicier taste to it that i enjoyed a little more than the wheat.  

the thing to talk about is the owners.  some of the most passionate, energetic and likeable business owners i've ever come into contact with!  we had a tour of the facility and the father/daughter duo took us through the history of whiskey in western pa as well as their own distilling process.  it kept my attention the entire time!  

i think it's cool it's a walk in establishment, so if you're in the area pop in!  they serve $5 happy hour cocktails and may even be able to give you an impromptu tasting or tour.  i also love the idea that you can buy different packages, from the whiskey itself to at home aging kits... it's a great idea for that whiskey lover in your family/friends circle.  

if you're in the strip go there... even if you're not go there!!  you won't regret it!as a new member of the dormont hood, i was super excited to see this pop up. one because i love sushi and two because... i love sushi! 

you never know, when a new sushi joint pops up, if you'll experience the good or the bad. sometimes it's really good and sometimes it's really really bad. i am happy to report it was very really good! was it better than my all time fave, penn ave fish co? no, the fish wasn't as fresh. but it was very tasty and i will be hittin' up this joint often... even grabbed a to go menu. because, you know, i'll be hitting them up on the go often now!

i came on wednesday for their all you can eat sushi special for $23.95. you know how some all you can eats are the dinky rolls only? well, here you can get the whole shebang! want that specialty tempura roll? you got it! want a rainbow roll? you can have it... all you can eat!

the spicy girl roll was my fave, which is pretty much tuna on top of crunchy tuna. but a very close second, if not equal, was the godzilla roll. gosh darnit, it was amazeballs! it came out warm and freshly fried (totally healthy, right?) with cream cheese, white tuna, eel and crab. yum! i also had a good old faithful philly roll and amazing roll, which was basically tuna as well. i obviously like tuna. 

i can't wait to come back and try the hibachi. probably stuff my face again. let's keep it real here!

warning: all you can eat sushi cannot be combined with a yelp deal. if you do not finish what's on your place you're charged upwards of a $1. so don't let your eyes be bigger then your stomach! once you order, you can always place another one. don't worry, either way, you'll be rolling yourself out!i was not expecting such a unique spot. i feel like coffee shops have to carve out an identity for themselves. do we want to be hip (or hipster), cozy, modern etc. but this is a whole other level!

the menu itself is expansive. tons of really great choices for lattes (hello bacon maple), but the real treasure here is their massive tea list! and so many black teas! rejoice my friends for your tea haven is here! i loved my vanilla coconut tea. all loose leaf blends from a brand i've never heard of, plus they sell them too (have to investigate this more!). 

there's also a food menu, which just ups the ante more. then you turn a corner from the bar area and there's a whole wall full of beads! so not only can you grab a tea, but you can make some jewelry too. who woulda thought? 

so here's were i have to be a party pooper. this place is pretty awesome, but what's not awesome is the internet. these days wifi and coffee shops seem to go hand in hand. and while they have wifi, it's spotty. i kept getting kicked off. i asked one of the workers, who explained to me that since i had a mac, "their internet sometimes doesn't work with them." 

now, to be clear, i don't think she was lying, but i also feel that there has to be a problem with their internet. cheap service, bad server... not sure, but it doesn't cut it. i would have for sure come back to work there, but honestly because of the internet issue, i won't. really a shame. looking around, there was a good amount of people reading or writing, so maybe it's not the internet crowd.

i would still be willing to grab another tasty drink and try some food though!very impressed! i feel like i'm a pretty tough judge on deli/sandwich shops.  i think it's really easy to make a boring sandwich, salad or side.  they can just end up being bland and not creative at all.  that is not the case with this place (look at my rhyming!).  

first thing's first.  everything on the menu looked awesome!  from the sammies to the salads to the sides, it was really hard to decide.  i'm a sucker for roast beef and horsy dressing, so i went with the roast beef sandwich.  it definitely held it's own with a nice amount of meat, lettuce, tomato and horsy dressing (i love me some sauce!) on a delish ciabatta bread.  

i also sampled the bean salad and pasta salad.  i loved the bean salad!  it was super tasty and had great flavor.  the pasta salad was bland.  i wouldn't get that again.  only loser in the meal though... so i still left a very happy lady.

the bakery part of the deli looked incredible!  i could have gobbled it all up.  i, of course, had to get something!  so i tried the homemade s'more.  it was ooey gooey goodness!  i had my eye on a couple other items i'll certainly be back for, promise!

although the line was long, it moved along fast and was able to zip in and out in no time.  this is such a great spot for a quick lunch, if i worked downtown i might be tempted to go in every day!  another new establishment we're lucky to have in the burgh!i'd given up tanning years ago, but still yearned for that golden tanned look. i'd always been curious about spray tanning, but after a spray tan booth experience gone terribly wrong, i was hesitant to try it again. let's just say i looked like half a simpsons orange... the other half didn't even get sprayed right!

apparently, getting the automatic spray tan in a booth was not the best way to go. i'd heard people talk about the airbrushing tan and decided i was finally ready to put that streaky orange experience behind me and try again!

for $44 it wasn't necessarily a steal, but i didn't have too much to compare it to at this point. when someone is personally spraying your naked body. yes, naked. you strip down to your skivvies, (but can leave on your undies and bra if you'd like) and the worker will spray you down. they ask you how dark you want to be. my response was "not lindsay lohan orange, but dark." 

did i get what i wanted? kinda. they said the tan would last 5-7 days. it probably lasted on the shorter end of 5 days. also, i was a tad orange on the hands, even though i put that lotion on that they tell you to do. i swear, i followed directions! would i do it again? yes. but i may stop into another place and see if i'd get anything better. i just wasn't 100% satisfied. 

my quest for the perfect california tan continues!i've been ordering chai lattes less and less now because i enjoy a spicy chai mix rather than a sweet one. plus, a lot of places just carry a popular brand of chai concentrate that's not good.

i really dig when people make their own chai mix, and they certainly do! plus, they carry local milk to use in the lattes, so you know it's going to taste legit. 

one thing i found interesting was that they judge the steaming temp by feeling the carafe. i'm an extra hot type of girl, so i'd be worried they'd burn themselves on my frivolous needs! but it's nice of them to try at least:)the old walnut grill has been recreated into a modern atmosphere.  gone are the warm wood tones and in are the grey and steel.  it's not a bad thing, a fresh look is needed when you take over a well known place.  

we happened to come upon this place on a wednesday night.  why mention the day of the week you ask?  because it was half off bottle of wine night!  score!  so of course we picked the cheapest malbec and had a nice little time with our $15 bottle o' wine!  

the menu looked pretty good, with some tempting dishes, so i went with the cioppino.  it came out with massive pieces of shrimp, clams, mussels and halibut nestled in the middle.  the thing that really made the dish was the spicy tomato broth.  it tasted awesome with the whole dish and throw in the garlic crostini to soak up the sauce was awesome!  at $23 it was well worth it for the amount of seafood you get!  

i'd for sure stop in again, probably on a wednesday because this girl likes a deal... and some wine!i think about their meatballs from time to time fondly. so coming here for the first (ish) time, i wanted me a meatball! 

i had been here for a special event before and had a sampling of some of their items and the meatball stood out to me. you can have good meatballs and bad meatballs. some are too meaty, some are too squishy, some have no taste at all! this review is starting to sound dirty... but i'm being serious about my meatballs! 

their meatballs are the equal amounts bread and meat. seasoned perfectly and topped with their sauce, it's a winning team. so of course i had to order a meatball sub when i stopped in for lunch. throw in a toasted italian sub and some fresh mozzarella and you've won me over! for $8 at a sit down place, that's not bad. it had four large meatballs and i could only eat half, so they didn't scrimp on the balls! 

the only thing i might have wanted was some sort of green side. maybe for lunch they could do a sandwich and salad/soup combo? i think it would be nice for the business lunch crowd if they wanted something more than just the sandwich. i kinda assume all their sandwiches are not served with any sides as well, so just keep that in mind if you want more to your meal.  

their happy hour specials seem legit and so does their main dishes, so i'd really like to come back for dinner or hh soon. and i know those meatballs will still be on my mind as well...pretty awesome business.  actually, pretty awesome project i should say.  they're one of the lucky businesses that have been included in the pittsburgh pop-up project - a program that helps business development downtown (http://projectpopuppittsburgh.wordpress.com/about/).  

the whole concept is that the workers are "dreamers."  whatever flavor you choose is assigned to a certain dream.  so every purchase of ice cream allows 25% of the profits to go to that certain dream.  some of the dreams are making an album, raising money for the liver foundation, a missions trip, tea room and the list goes on.  such a cool concept, right?  

so let's get to sweet stuff, the ice cream!  it's perry's ice cream, which i haven't had too much of... but will now!  i tried the carrot cake, which was incredible!!  it seriously tasted exactly like carrot cake, with cream cheese included!  yumm-o!  they actually had a bunch of winning flavors for me... cookie dough, birthday cake, etc.  

so here's the thing... visit this ice cream shop because it's not only local, but you'll be supporting someone's dreams.  ice cream + dreams = makes ya feel great!i'm branching out. it's truly unbelievable that i'd part from penn ave fish company. i mean, let's get real, i'll never stay away long but i've found a good option in ginza. the truth is ginza is cheaper and the rolls are larger. that's just it. go big or go home.

so if you're craving good sushi at a great price with massive servings, this is your place! i really like that you can put together your own combinations with money saving prices. between the two of us we split the marki for two for $33. it was two specialty rolls and two regular rolls. what a steal!

we ordered the tuna lover and spicy girl specialty rolls plus the tuna avocado and philly roll. on top of the rolls you also get soup and salad. i mean, geez. keep piling on the food... and this was just for lunch! all the rolls were really fantastic, with the tuna lover being my favorite. 

i can tell this is going to fit into the regular rotation of restaurants i'll frequent. i can't wait to come back and try the habachi meals too. seriously, i could spend months ordering all the different menu options. maybe i should just set up shop here for the winter. not too bad for winter hibernation mode.pittsburgh is only about 10 years behind the "create your own salad" grab and go places, but leave it to eat n' park to perfect it in the city!

it's pure chaos in here!  slightly organized chaos, but chaos none-the-less.  it's not the well oiled machine i imagine it will be, but i think that's why they opened up during the summer "off" months when pitt's not in session.  i think the work crowd is a good test though, because it was still packed around 1:15pm.  

i ordered the caribbean shrimp which had mixed greens, shrimp, avocado, black beans, corn, tortilla strips with citrus lime vinaigrette dressing.  i loved that you can get it chopped up into smaller pieces, they'll toss it in a big bowl with the dressing.  my godsend, they ask you if you want heavy dressing!!!  yes, please!!!  it was a great salad and far from boring.  the dressing really made the salad, that and the ample amount of ingredients.   

the real clincher was the, wait for it, boylan soda machine!!!!!!!!  dear god i love boylan cream soda!  i had to stop myself from going up 10x.  completely unique and a fantastic addition to an already stand out place.  

i joked to my friend i probably won't be back until next summer since it will most definitely be jam packed with students once schools in session.  but maybe i can squeeze in a little visit during fall break.  i don't think i can wait that long to come back!they're bringing sexy back in the strip!  you would have expected a place like this 10 years ago in the strip.  you would never have expected a place like this today, but it's happening and i'm excited!  

i'm excited because it's freakin' beautiful inside!  the staff is friendly knowledgeable and excited to be there, and that makes me an instant fan.  it's massive, with a section for fine dinning, a bar section with hand rolled sushi and a upstairs that promises to be a fun place to lounge and dance.

i had the opportunity to pop in on the very first day of business and i'm happy i ventured down.  the bartender is a certified mixologist of awesomeness.  even with vodka as the only option that day he whipped up some delicious rosemary/lemon martini's.  and vodka can seriously become boring fast.  it was anything but!  this bar is going to be thee place to hit up if you want something fun and unexpected to drink.

the bar area has a strict bar only menu.  that means you can't order the bar menu inside the dinning area or vice versa.  so that means the sushi bar is exclusively obtained at the bar area.  good thing is they have plenty of bar stools and a ample number of booths to grab "bar food" at.  although the bar food is anything but!  

the owners are actually also owners at alla famiglia in allentown.  i've never ventured there but have heard of their famous meatballs.  now i can say they can truly brag about them.  loved the meatball, which was hearty and moist, and most of all loved the red marinara sauce!  i'm a tough judge on sauce, being italian and all.  i cannot wait to come back and try the vodka sauce!  

but i didn't stop there!  i also tasted the sushi... really, how could i not!?  i was hesitant at first because i was worried they ordered their fish from wholey's.  thankfully that's not the case and it was super fresh!  they only had the sashimi, but thankfully it was hearty slices of tuna, salmon, yellowtail and crab.  also, they put a tiny little herring egg as a shooter.  seriously, so cute!  

i cannot wait to come back for a real dinner and hopefully a little late night booty shaking!i have found my new perfect work spot! weird, you say, because this is a market? but it's not just a market, but a cafe as well! they have a full coffee bar that reminds me of 21st street coffee down the street. they are, as well, serious about their coffee!

you can take a seat at many of the tables and enjoy a warm cup of chai, in my case, at least! or grab lunch from their fresh and seasonal menu. i've had a delicious pear salad, with candied walnuts and goat cheese. it was on the small side, so i'd encourage you to grab a soup to go along with it. 

you will probably notice the prices are not cheap. but that sort of thing comes with the territory of carrying local and fresh produce. i'm really into all the varieties of products i've never seen before. better yet, they look so good i usually have to buy them (good job on their part!). i've found they have an awesome selection of lara bars and this certain grapefruit juice that isn't that sugary sweet crap you get from minute maid.

i've still got a lot of ground to cover with ordering fresh meats and cheeses from their specialty counter. but i don't doubt i'll get to that... after all, this is my new "office."not like i need to be more addicted to candy than i already am, but now i'm addicted to this store! how couldn't you be addicted with a store bursting at the seems full of sugary goodness. not to mention they play willy wonka and the chocolate factory on a constant loop!

it fits into the strip so nicely, just pop in for a sugary treat while you're shopping or stop in after you dine! they have a ton of different varieties of your favorites, you can also help yourself to an individual baggie of treats or find something you've never heard of before!

feeling adventurous? try the salt n' vinegar flavored crickets! yep, you heard me right! i'm usually a straight up straw girl or sour patch kids or gummy worms, but i was introduced to astronaut ice cream and now i'm addicted to that too! and i hear a rumor they'll be carrying more flavors of it soon!

so pop in to feed your sugar high!i think this is where reality tv stars go to die. like die in the "my career is dead" die. not the literal. i honestly felt bad watching it. because the cast came out here to show their talent and then the show "star," daisy, is famous for dating an f list celeb.

i'm giving it two starts instead of one because the cast wasn't bad. they weren't the most talented, but you could see that sparkle every once in a while. daisy was most definitely lip syncing and kinda hopping around, instead of really performing. 

i also felt bad because there was probably 20 people in a most likely 300-400 plus seating area. when people clapped, it sounded like one person was clapping. it was just awful. i guess that's what you get when you buy tickets at a mega discount. 

i'll stick to the cirque shows, were at least i know what i"m getting. and no washed up reality stars!i've been holding off on this one. i want to like it. i think like it. sometimes i do. i'm not sure. i'm very bipolar about it, as you can see. 

it's something i'd theoretically love! i love champagne and i love a good chill lounge. but what i love is turned into something i don't like here. delicious champagne is mixed in with some not so delicious ingredients. i will say, i love mimosa's and bellini's. so going in i was excited to order some really exciting looking champagne cocktails. but, they were not good. they were actually really bad. so i switched the next time i went in to a bellini. again, not good. what's wrong? i don't get it!

so the next time i went in (yes, i've been there multiple times) i just stuck with champagne. i went with a friend's suggestion and it was awesome. the ambiance lacked a little. it wants to be a club sometimes with thumping house music. it wants to be a lax happy hour other times. 

but then something magical happened. i got buzzed. it was a friday night, the place was packed and the music was thumping. i had some delicious spiropolous and i just couldn't resist getting more. it was incredible! so maybe this place isn't so bad. if you find the right drink, go with the right people and throw caution to the wind. that's my advice to you, use it wisely!let me tell you friends, i've been on a massive seafood kick lately!  it's not just sushi though, it's everything and i want it well prepared and cooked to perfection.  so you walk into a place with the name "wholey" and you expect it to "wow" you.  and you know what?  it did!

i was surprised to see the less than stellar reviews at first, but i had faith it was just the new restaurant jitters.  we came in on a random tuesday night around 8pm and was surprised to see about 6 other tables full with diners.  surprising to see in the strip, but exciting, if you ask me!  

it's an absolutely gorgeous space.  nothing you would expect from the strip at this point and time.  it actually used to be a club, so there's many different levels.  i love the sea of blues and mosaic tiles.  the tables are large, so it's great for big parties.  

we started out with the sashimi appetizer and it was so cold and fresh.  i loved the tiny mandarin oranges and crisp lettuce surrounding it.  we devoured it within 3 seconds of it hitting the table.  good start!

the tomato salad will probably only be on the menu for a short time, considering the season for them ends soon, but it's worth having when you can.  you can easily throw together some tomatoes and splash on some balsamic.  this had a very well done pesto sauce and pine nuts.  i would have never thought of the combo together, but i loved it!  

i ordered the scallops and shrimp, which came with a hearty helping of jasmine rice and grilled bok choy.  both the scallops and shrimp were seared to perfection and the scallops, which i find hard to season well, had a great flavor and were large in size.  i loved the creamy garlic sauce drizzled on top.  it was as if every element of the dish came together in harmony!  


while seafood can be expensive, and this was no exception for a $24 meal, i had no qualms about paying my bill for the amount of flavor that was packed into each dish.  fresh is the word here and you won't have to reel me in... i'm coming on my own!this phrase may get overused at times, but i really truly feel like you won't find a place like this in the burgh. it just combines the best of all these different worlds. cheese, chocolate and wine! what more do you need? oh wait, cured meat!

i had been wanting to come here for a thousand years, maybe i exaggerate a bit, but it's been a long time! it's such a great intimate setting. you can grab a seat at the bar, a smattering of four top or high top tables or the cozy couch and chairs in the back we were able to snag. then sit, sip and savor. and repeat!

we were actually still hungry after a light dinner, so we pretty much housed a cheese, meat and chocolate plate. i'm no cheese connoisseur, but i know that i love cheese, and there was some great choices! some were from local farms and others were imported from far away countries (how fancy!). the meats were the same, some imported in and some from local farms. i like the mix. it seems that everything is constantly rotating, so you may not find the same cheese on the menu when you stop back in again. but that's okay, i could try different cheeses forever!

then we made the best decision of the night, we ordered the chocolate plate from sinful sweets (located downtown and in lola). they. were. incredible. chocolate covered nacho chips (i kid you not), bacon, animal crackers and just plain chocolate. thanks awm, i'm now hooked on sinful sweets as well!

oh yeah, and i had wine! a malbec that was fantastic! but there are pages and pages of wines as well as cocktails and beer. i mean. i could set up shop and live here! i've got everything i ever need in life. this is a brilliant idea. see you all at my new home!not bad.  not bad at all!

i think you kinda expect a restaurant like this to be more of a hangout place than anything else.  i mean, they offer margarita's with beer bottles stuck out the side of them!  how do you take that seriously?!

i can tell you how.  by the quality of their roja (roma) tomato salsa, which i could not get enough of.  or their (camarones) shrimp taco's, which i ate every bite of.  or their black beans, which i never usually touch, that i ate half of (big feat i know!).

although delicious, my pineapple cocktail probably could have been non-alcoholic with the amount of liquor included.  i might order a marg next time, or perhaps just a brew.  or both, apparently!

sure, maybe it looks a bit like they've replicated a mad mex, but it's a burgh staple, how can you not?  add in the huge rooftop balcony, toted s the highest in shadyside, and i'm a happy little burrito.  i believe that means i'm wrapped in a warm embrace of delicious mexican food and i'm happy!so impressed. beyond impressed. beyond in love with this place.

i'll say it over and over again. i really appreciate when business owners put the time and thought, not only into their product, but also their aesthetic. the place is gorgeous! all wood and brick, it has a rustic, yet cozy feel. they have so much space, it's exciting to think about what will be possible here. but onto the beers...

they are delicious! it's rare that i try all the beers on tap and like them... all! but i do! i first feel in love with their white sky, which is a chai beer. yep, you heard me right, chai beer! if yinz know me, you know i love my chai tea, so this is perfect for me. they even make their own chai spice blend to put into the beer. totally impressive! i also really liked the build and destroy wheat stout and the business casual red ale. 

these dudes are young, but smart, and i'm so excited to see what they'll be up to. plus, i'm excited to drink all the beer. that is all.i stopped in the week they opened.  the air was broken so it was hot as hades inside.  but, the workers were super friendly and i had a delicious orangesicle smoothie that hit the spot as i was melting from the outside in.  

what did not hit the spot was the screaming children that came in during my business meeting.  note to self: don't hold business meetings at a coffee shop in a touristy area.  lesson learned.i want you all to know the glorious five star experience i just had here the other night! could this be one of thee most underrated restaurants in pittsburgh? it just might be, so please get here and get ready to be blown away because it really blows up and you end up not getting a reservation!

it's little unassuming corner joint, but when you walk through the door you're pleasantly surprised by the calm atmosphere. the aesthetic was very clean, with glowing tea lights and cream shades covering the windows. the service was just impeccable too, as our waitress was friendly and open to us asking questions about the menu.
 
we started off with one of their specials, the mackerel mousse with homemade pepper crackers. i was a little nervous having not tried something like this before, but since i'd read past reviews that said to get it, i trusted my fellow yelpers! good thing i did, because it was incredible! the mackerel was a perfect whipped sensation, sprinkled with some bright orange caviar. but, let's talk about the homemade pepper crackers... that tasted more like shortbread cookies. man were they good, and our waitress kept bringing us more! it was a treat that i never wanted to end, even at the beginning of our meal!

i took a quick glance at the top of the menu, which advertised the bistro as "american comfort food." let me tell you, it's comforting to know that you'll be 100% satisfied leaving here! the menu is small but it was one of those times were everything looked enticing. 

my mind was made up pretty fast, as i zeroed in on the noodle bowl. it had beef/lamb meatballs, pho broth, cilantro and coconut noodles, shiitake and kimchi for $22. let me tell you, the flavor of the broth, the homemade coconut noodles and the meatballs, the most amazing meatballs, made for one incredible dish. this meal just rocked my pho loving world!

and it didn't stop there! we just had to go for a delicious homemade dessert. the layered russian cake was devine, with a honey cream layered between soft cake. the server talked it up, but didn't do it justice until you took a bite. and, she had made it herself that day... adorable, right? 

i'm just so won over... seriously, go here, and go here now! i cannot wait to come back and share this hidden gem with the masses.stack'd has got some stacked burger competition. with brgr right around the corner, two winghart's locations and two burgatory locations... along with tessaro's and a handful of other joints, you gotta really make those patties shine to get noticed in town. 

did they shine? not so much. it wasn't a bad burger. it just wasn't great either. to be honest, i really think that it may have been a frozen patty. it had that perfectly rounded shape that you see when you buy them pre-pattied (is that a word?) in the store. you're able to pick from a checklist of ingredients. i mean, tons! and not just ketchup and mustard, but mac n' cheese and tator tots on top of the burger. i literally don't know how you'd eat the thing! 

what i've learned in my burger eating days is that i like to keep it simple. for me it's #1 the burger quality, #2 the cheese and #3 the sauce. i was really excited to try the big mac sauce they call mcdowell sauce (why that name, no idea). listen, i can't lie. sometimes scarfing down a mcd's burger is delicious. it may be when i'm super hungry and craving that type of food, but i'll instantly regret it after. i did not instantly regret it after, but the whole burger just fell flat. while the sauce was good, i really think it was the issue with the burger. just not quality meat, no taste and possibly from a frozen patty. 

i ordered the tots on the side because they sounded so good on the toppings menu. they were tots. again, i could get these tots out of the frozen section of giant eagle. not that i'm expecting gourmet tots... this was just something i that i knew how it would taste before i got it. i was just lusting after some fried potatoes. 

the beer list actually looked decent and so did the boozy shakes. but after the burger, i'd be afraid to try them. knowing that around the corner in east liberty i'd be getting a delectable shake from brgr. i wouldn't go out of my way to come here again. actually, i'd probably not even suggest it. just go to winghart's, you'll be happy you did, i promise!i really truly believe there's no other place in the burgh that matches what's going on here. it's incredibly unique and adventurous without being too scary for those who haven't had this type of food before. don't worry, jump in, the waters warm:)

i also think this was the perfect time to visit, during restaurant week, because i was able to sample a lot of different things. i love me a good tasting menu (every restaurant should have one!). the tasting menu was $35 for sashimi, oysters, ramen and chocolate shiitake mushroom ice cream. bummer, the ice cream ran out when we got there (we were there for 8:45pm reservations, so it was kinda sorta late). so they adjusted the price to $30 and i was happy to eat the rest of the choices!

i had heard the edamame was amazing, so we ordered that. it came out in a decent size bowl and was cooked with soy and sea salt. it was super tasty and we scarfed down the whole bowl. this is a no brainer when hitting this place up, so order up!

the 4 pieces of sashimi i slammed down were like butta. seriously, fresh fish straight off the plane (literally, they get their fish flown in from japan daily!). it was probably the freshest i've had other than penn ave fish co. the rice was fluffy but not too sticky. i'm gonna say straight up this was my fave part of the meal hands down. 

the 2 oysters were inventive. it was mixed with thai chili and lemon. call me an old fashion oyster shucker (okay, maybe not shucker), but i like them either straight up, with cocktail sauce or vinegar. i may at some point find another sauce i like with them, but i don't think this was one of them.

the seafood ramen was good, but could have used a bit more flavor. it was very very fishy tasting. don't get me wrong, i love fish. but just a warning for those of you who say you like fish, in small doses, this is not your dish. i did love the whole shrimp served in it. i'm not saying it just had the tails attached. i'm saying it had the eyeballs still staring at me! it was kinda gross popping that poor guys head off, but... it sure was delicious and fresh. sorry my seafood friend! there was also a good amount of fish packed into the dish as well as noodles. maybe just a little more pizzaz with the broth and we'd be in business.

so here's the hard facts. i came in fully prepared to fall in love. and while i did like it, and will most definitely come back for the sushi, the service was lacking. everyone was extremely friendly, but i have an inkling our server forgot about our meals. 

there were five of us and two ordered sushi only and the rest of us ordered the tasting menu. the sushi came out promptly for all. then that's where things fell apart. i think we waited almost 45 minutes for our oysters. i can understand if it was a cooked dish. i can understand if they were short staffed. but watching the tables around you receive all their courses before you even get your second, made us think we were forgotten. once we reminded the server we received the oysters and then ramen shortly after.

i will say they brought us a tray of seared veggies and fish to make up for the botched service that were stellar. i'd actually recommend ordering that as an app if they have it on the menu when you visit. i've pretty  much planned my menu for the next visit. edamame, seared veggies and fish and sushi, sushi, sushi! oh and don't forgot your bottle of something, something. it's byob!i definitely burned the roof of my mouth. i was just so excited to eat my margarita pizza (with mushrooms)! the crust was thin, the sauce was plentiful and the cheese was melty. a perfect combo in my book! i'm not sure if it's supposed to be saucy for neapolitan pizza, but i kinda liked it that way. 

i like that they offer beer and wine as well. i especially love those little cups you get your wine in. it matches the aesthetic more than getting them in an actually wine glass. it will be nice once they open the patio, where you'll get a prime spot to people watch and have a view of point state park. i can definitely see myself sitting outside on a warm night enjoying some 'za and wine!what a tasty little hideaway! it's so secret it doesn't even have signage yet...

i was a little confused as to if i was supposed to go into union pig & chicken or if there was another entrance. i went into union pig and noticed a brightly lit hallway and made my way upstairs. thankfully, it wasn't someone's living room i walked into, but a very clean looking bar.

it was clean in the sense that it was literally, very clean, but also it had a really clean aesthetic. i think you just expect craft cocktail joints to look like a speakeasy in the sense were it's darkly lite and mysterious.this place is bright with tons of natural light coming through the huge windows, light colored wood and a bunch of fun adirondack chairs lined against the wall. it was like a southern style speakeasy, but without no mint juleps!

the bartender was super friendly and definitely knew what he was doing behind the bar. i never claim to be a cocktail expert, but i do enjoy a fancy pants cocktail once in a while! these fancy pants cocktails were divine! in my humble opinion, there are times when i go into these places and i feel like there's just so much alcohol inside that tiny glass. i want to taste everything equally, i don't need to be falling on my face 20 minutes into happy hour! the cocktails i ordered seemed to be the perfect mix of everything. 

i tried the agnatha & anni, which was bluecoat, yellow chartreuse, lingonberry and grapefruit. it was exactly what i wanted. totally refreshing and as i said, the perfect ratio of juice to alcohol. 

i honestly thought it couldn't get any better than that drink. but it did! i also tried the grandeur & glory and it may have been better than the first, which i don't even know how that could happen! it was boyd & blair vodka, cocchi americano, pear & savory. i have no clue what half those things are but they came together beautifully for another refreshing, not too tart, not too sweet cocktail.

two things to note: they do not serve food from union pig upstairs and they don't serve the drinks from harvard downstairs. they're neighbors that don't play together. i would think you'd want to serve those drinks downstairs or order up some food upstairs, but i'm sure there's a reason behind keeping them seperate. 

i'll be back... and probably often!what a change a remodel can make to the atmosphere! i was pleasantly surprised walking in here. gone is the stuffy atmosphere and in it's place is a fresh and funky scene. i loved the modern take with lots of dark colors that make it feel intimate and cozy. with some good alt rock jams flowing through the place, i was into this place before i even got the meal!

the menu is very simple with only a handful of choices. not being an expert, i picked the thing that looked best to me, the street noodles #2 which was fried shrimp, bok choy and chili sauce for $9. i was happy to see plenty of crispy, fluffy fried shrimp. i was not happy to see how small the dish was for $9. maybe it's my big american appetite getting the best of me, but i thought it was kinda small. plus, for $9 i expected more. i think dropping it to $7.50 and keeping the size of the dish would be perfect. or maybe tossing in more noodles and keeping it at $9. spicy factor, just right for my lame non-spicy loving palate. well, i love it, but i cry. it just gets messy, trust me!

i like the fact that they have boylans soda, because i love me some boylan's cream soda! plus, it's byob, so you can grab your fave bottle of vino to enjoy with your noodles. but remember to also grab the cash, because it's cash only!the number one is my number one!

for some reason i can't stray from the smoked gouda, caramelized onions, and bacon. i love the fresh bread and the dipping sauce, whatever it's secret is, it's safe with me. pretty much because i have no clue what the sauce is, only that it's good!

i haven't tried any of the sides, but i'd imagine they're just as good as the grilled cheese sammiches!well, we meet again newly renamed benjamin's. here sat a beautiful and what seemed tp be cursed wine bar that switched its course and ended up a burger joint. 

i can still confirm that it's a beautiful restaurant. dark wood, dimly lit with a romantic vibe. it still yearns to be a wine bar. by the look of the massive amounts of wine behind the bar, it seemed as if it was. 'tis not the real sitch though. with only about 10 choices between red and white and far more beer options, you'd be best to put the wine bar days behind you. i was still happy to see my glorious malbec on "tap." i was def not feeling the $10 for an 8oz pour, so me and my friend opted for the whole bottle for $30 to split. i was feeling a little buzz!

i had perused the menu beforehand and was very excited about the prospect of truffled mustard and pretzels calling my name! but when it was set down there was a bit of shock. i expected truffled mustard to go with a handmade mini pretzels. it was not. it was store bought pretzels you get from giant eagle. thatt's okay, the delicious mustard more than made up for it considering i wanted to swim in a pool of it. ahmahzing!

so, of course i had to ask for a side of it to accompany my portobello and swiss cheese burger. i thought the burger itself was tasty. it tasted smokey, which i enjoy. the meat wasn't as fresh as my fave, wingharts, but it was good. i also was glad to have two portobellos stacked on top. i think sometimes places are chincy with my bellos! but that mustard... gawd! it just put it over the top. oh yeah, there was also coleslaw. it was pretty forgettable.

the one thing to note is that they serve everything in red checkered ballpark style cartons. 
it doesn't bother me. i'd have eaten it off the floor if it's promised to be a good meal (with that mustard!!) no problem! it just didn't match the aesthetic. i don't expect fine china either. maybe just some funky dishes. am i being nitpicky? probably. just an observation.

would i go back? absolutely! would it maybe be just for the promise of that mustard? probably considering i was about to put the leftovers into my purse...screw giant eagle! i'm done... well, until i need a hard to find item. but still, i'm done with buying the basics at ge. 

i'll admit, i'd heard the rumors. cheap grocery shopping, especially the produce. but i never had easy access to an aldi. then one magically opened up across from my gym and the spending too much money on overpriced groceries ended (well, at least on groceries, clothes are another story!). 

it's everything and more! although it's mostly their generic brands, it's a-okay with me, they all taste the same. i especially love the produce! lots of fresh and beautiful looking fruits and veggies. it really is amazing the prices compared to the other stores. an avocado goes for almost $4 at ge and here you can get it for around $2. half the price! 

the thing i was surprised to see is a nice selection of frozen foods. i've been buying a bulk amount of frozen veggies, just so the fresh doesn't go bad, and they have a good variety. i buy a bulk bag of salmon filets here with around 12-15 per bag for under $10 and at ge i bought a bag with 4 pieces for around $12! cray!

i also thought their cheese selection is decent too. i mean, you won't find fancy pants cheese, but if you're a cheese-aholic, you'll be pleasantly surprised. there's even almond milk! i mean, it's surprising what you can find here.

i can walk out with a full two weeks of the essentials for around $40. again, cray!do you have a good taco in your life? if the answer is no, you should really find one. they're great to have around. tasty, savory, delicious tacos. yum....

and i have so many different tacos in my life. i don't care about the argument of what is authentic or not. maybe it's that i've lived in western pa my whole life, but you know what? i'm okay with that. because my taste buds dance when they hit my lips!

so el burro. my latest love affair! it's easy to love considering i love their sister restaurant, cantina in lawrenceville. but something is different. maybe it's that i can actually see my taco (considering it's so freakin' dark in cantina!). maybe it's that they seem a little bigger. or a little more thought thrown into them. i don't know... but they may have been even better!

i ordered the shrimp tacos in a pair for $8 and they were just fresh and grilled perfectly. with incredible corn tortillas. drool. best decision i made (along with my taco choice) was getting the chips, salsa and gauc. oh man. it's a huge portion! i took everything home and ate it again the next day! happy birthday to me (note, it's not actually my birthday, but it felt that good!).i came. i saw. i drank. and drank. it's hard not to here!

hearing about this place was almost like i was searching for liquor in the prohibition no hours are posted. the website is broken and no one answers the phone. throw in boarded up windows that you can walk past without realizing this is the place you wanted and you've really got a secret. well played guys!

so once i finally was able to make my way in (using the info i had on the place from one ms linda w), i was happy i had the "secret code word." i've found after visiting some classic cocktail bars i have to stick with what i like. seems simple, right? but i'd come in and order something super prohabition-y aka something super strong that i just wasn't into. after a while i realized the not so secret, secret. order a drink based on the liquor you like. genius! 

okay, so it was just really dumb to order things i don't like and pay mucho dinero for it. so bam, first item on the menu that called to me was the chai alexander. the description had the word "chai" and "milkshake" in it. sold! it was heavenly! it comes in a small glass and it is disguised as a frou frou drink, but after i was done it hit me. the "this drink is delicious and i can't taste the alcohol and it could end up being an issue" feeling. so... i ordered another drink...

the bees knees was the actual bees knees! two ingredients i love, honey and lemon, were included. again, sold! not to sweet like you may think, but the perfect balance of tart and sweet. this one i sipped instead of inhaled. so i left with the ability to walk. 

the ambiance is pretty cool, although you can tell they're still working on things. we sat at a table over in the corner. there were, i believe, around 3 bartenders. they'd come over and check on us, but take one persons order, when someone else clearly had an empty glass, then run away. this happened more than once. maybe they were more busy than i could see. maybe taking the time to prepare the drinks takes longer than i think. or maybe they're just working out the kinks. but in my opinion, if you have a table willing to drink, load them up with drinks! 

i have a feeling i will be here a lot. i'm interested to see what drinks they'll rotate in and out. i love seasonal menus! they're the bees knees!i'm such a big fan of i made it markets! i remember the first time i visited one in the summer at the south side works years ago. i just happened to be at the works and caught a glimpse of rows and rows of booths with one of a kind items. i was intrigued. i was excited. i was scared... that all my money would be gone after one walk around!

that's where i fell in love. fell in love with a little company called oceanne. this chick hand makes really amazing jewelry. it's usually gold or sliver with lots of flowers, leaves, birds and my personal fave, anchors! then there's also quirky items like records, books, mustaches and a bunch of other little trinkets. they're just so appealing. i can't explain it. the perfect accent to any outfit. i'm pretty sure the chick thinks i stalk her because i'm there as soon as the market opens, buying up her booth. at least i provide the mola when i stalk her!

i've also recently fallen in love with this other company called strawberryluna. they make these really fun silk sreen prints and posters. they're really vibrant in color and have some cutsie little scenes. the print i bought had a black cat wearing red cat eye glasses. yep, awesome! they also have band posters like death cab for cutie, belle and sebastian and my morning jacks that are just plain adorable. 

hot tip: most vendors have those fancy credit card attachments to their iphone/ipad, but i'd bring cash just in case. 

but that's just the short version of this wonderful market. i could go on and on. booths with handmade soaps, candles, clothing and even woodworking. seriously, forget bed, bath and beyond and just shop here for all your wares! they usually happen seasonally, so check the website out for the next one. yay for shopping locally!i don't like waffles. never have. i think they're boring. they're usually dry and no fun. pancakes are where it's at for me. you can dress them up or play it down, but either way, they're usually delicious. but gosh darnit, waffles incaffeinated has got it going on!

i wanted to try them, considering i'd heard all this great buzz. in comes the bright, shiny new store right in the south side. lucky for us, we now have a city version of their eatery. lucky for me, because now i'm addicted.

i didn't realize there could be so many waffle combinations. i honestly thought it would just be waffles with some fancy fruit on top or baked inside. but it's so not. it's pages of waffle inspired dishes! savory waffles and sweet waffles, waffle sandwiches and so much more!i opted for the eggs benedict. number 1, it's my fave breakfast dish and, number 2, i really wanted the sweet waffles, but opted for a savory one (next time, my friends!). 

it was incredible! it had a lump of crab meat that was mixed with this tart, perhaps lemon (?) mix, on top of one of the best hollandaise sauces i've ever had (sweet). and the crowning achievement? the waffle itself! it was everything i thought a waffle should have been, but i'd never experienced before. the batter mix that created this square piece of magic was superb. it was sweet and fluffy, with no burnt spots to be seen. it was pure perfection.

i'm gonna have to fight the voices in my head each time i drive down carson (to the gym right past the shop, no less!!!!) that tell me to stop in. but for you, don't wait, but run there!oh, the balls!!! those sauerkraut balls! why not start off by talking about those delicious fried, cheesy, homemade sauerkraut filled balls! i could start a whole schweaty balls type commentary on them, they were that good.

it's no surprise, considering butterjoint is connected with legume, the equally as amazing restaurant next door. the bar is pretty much the same as it was before. still dark, romantic and cozy, but with an expanded drink and appetizer menu. brilliant move on their part because they'll attract people to the bar casually, then suck them in for the promise of delicious food next door!

for my drink i went with my old favorite, the papa dob, which had mt. gay eclipse rum, maraschino liqueur, grapefruit and lime. i just can't get away from a drink with grapefruit. it's so refreshing, and this certainly did the trick. i also enjoy these well made cocktails because, although it's quite small, it's strong and meant to be sipped. rather than a mixed drink thrown together at an average run of the mill bar that you suck down in five seconds because there's no liquor in it. no thanks.

we also ordered up the pierogie appetizer. also, accompanied by homemade sauerkraut, which is the perfect blend of sweet and sour. the pierogies are made in house as well, and were crispy, but not burnt, filled with a potato and cheese blend that combined the best of two fine ingredients.

see, they hook you in. because it made me think... "rachel, you must head back to legume, stat!" it did the trick simple as that, all it took were some tasty balls!i'm so into noodles. i love me a big carb-o-licious pile of noodles! so the concept of this joint really spoke to me. 

i saw the three star rating with proceeded with caution, but i really wanted it to impress me. i enjoy that you can pretty much "build your own ramen" bowl. i wanted lots of veggies and shrimp. so with that i ordered the spicy veggie bowl with shrimp. simple, right?

it comes in a ginormous bowl that you couldn't possibly finish in one sitting. no problem, i'm okay with leftovers. everything looked perfect. lots of veggies, lots of noodles and fresh shrimp. but... the flavor. it was not there. 

you can choose between the soy or miso based broth. maybe that's where i went wrong. i find that sometimes i'm not into miso broth, so i went with the soy base. was that the mistake then for real? not sure, but what i was sure of is that it was off. it just needed some oomph. 

sad, because like i said, i really wanted it to be something. i think with my leftovers i'm going ot pepper it up (literally, with pepper) and try and spice it up a bit. will i be back? maybe, but i'll order something different and give it another go round.i'd passed up this place a trillion times. never called to me. but a scheduled meeting brought me in here and i have to say, smelled good inside, so i figured we were on the right track!

i'm trying to watch my girlish figure, so i opted for the greek salad (when i really wanted the pittsburgh salad topped with fries!). it came loaded with all the right ingredients, especially extra green and kalamata olives. i added chicken for $2 extra and it was a hefty portion (worth the price tag!). 

our server was incredibly friendly and i really appreciate that. it's just refreshing to get someone attentive and happy. i'm interested to see what the sandwiches taste like, so i'd come back to try out that delicious sounding reuben!poor north shore. i want so badly for it to be awesome... including this place. but i left feeling just okay about it. actually totally loved the turkey burger i ordered. after i fixed what i had noted to the server to leave off...

wanted to make it even better with some extra bbq sauce, but after asking, and waiting... and waiting some more, it finally came! i also waited a while for refills. just not the best service.

the side salad was pretty boring. iceberg lettuce with unripe tomatoes and a few pieces of onion. i'd opt to just not serve tomatoes this time of year and replace it with something else, but i'm being nitpicky. 

we also ordered the s'mores cheesecake, as it was free from the yelp check-in! i was super pumped, as i love both s'mores and cheesecake. the marshmallows on top were toasted perfection, and while the cake was good, it seemed like it was missing something. not rich and cheesy enough, maybe? crust was awesome though! 

much hipper inside than i imagined from the name. i definitely wouldn't be opposed to stopping in here before a game.i think this is such a beautiful place. the first thing i think is, this would make an awesome wedding reception venue. i don't work in the building, so i don't associate it with the every day hustle and bustle of business peeps eating lunch and cruising through here to rush to a meeting.

i had the pleasure of attending an event here and it was a really great venue. it's almost like you're in a very fancy greenhouse. except you're not there to look at the botanical setup. you're here to eat, and perhaps drink. 

here's the thing brides-to-be... if you're looking at this venue the one issue might be that the bathrooms are only on the 7th floor. that kinda sucks. could you imagine drunk guests making their way to the 7th floor? if they made it at all! but if that doesn't worry you, then i'd go for it!

now i think i'm going to look for more events going on here, because i know they happen... and i can enjoy the scenery a little bit more. maybe i"ll even sneak into a wedding held here to live vicariously through a bride again... but i will not be catching the bouquet!well. what do you do when the food is as awesome as ever. but the service is very much lacking? i suppose take into account they've only been open a few weeks and give them some time. believe me, it's not "if" i'll go back, but when!

the new joint downtown is beautiful! nothing like the intimate house setting you see on the north side (cozy in it's own right). it honestly reminded me of a sleek asian restaurant you see in vegas. don't get me wrong, i think it's very cool, just don't go in expecting the same setting as the original.

so for lunch, we hopped in early to avoid the rush. good thinking linda w, because we sat down, i blinked, and it was packed full of people by noon. we put in our orders and waited patiently. after a while we noticed others who had sat down after us get their meals. we had ordered a salad (that came with your lunch) and it was nowhere in sight. so we flagged down a server and got our salads with pineapple dressing. i was excited about the salad, but disappointed with the small amount of iceberg lettuce and boring dressing. definitely take the soup option instead!

for the main course, i ordered the spicy noodles. i'm lame, so i ordered them medium instead (i know... defeats the purpose!). i just can't handle too much spice... i cry! two of us got our main meals with one left waiting for about 10 minutes. again, we had to flag down a server to let them know we were missing a meal. it was brought out quickly (which made me think it was just missed). 

the noodles were good, but definitely on the spicier side of medium. i cried.. a little. but they were still delicious and i powered through my tears! so after we finished, again we had to flag someone down to get our bill. i really do imagine this is just opening month kinks that will be worked out. but dining downtown is a whole other ballgame. especially on people's lunch breaks. unfortunately, you gotta hustle in and out. 

for the sake of research, i'll be back soon:)it really pained me to write that 3 star review a month back, but i stayed committed to nicky's just like nicky's has stayed committed to good food and service! so after some bumps along the way, i think this downtown location has smoothed things out to run the great business they are! service this time around was stellar with no complaints!

i just can't stop saying how much i love the space in general. it's gorgeous! great for a date night or just catching up with your lady friends. funny enough, it's so dimly lit that the servers will give you a flashlight to read your menu! hysterical and thoughtful.

i'm really coming into my own with thai food and was excited to order the green curry, as it's my latest obsession (i know, thai food two days in a row here!). it was fabulous. the spice level is always a little iffy, meaning you never really know what you'll get even when you order the same level every time you come in. i ordered a 5 on the spice scale and got maybe a 6. i know, not that big a deal, but i was definitely reaching for my water glass!

it had loads of veggies mixed with a creamy coconut sauce. i also like that you can order brown rice. this certain brown rice i've never seen before. it's very dark and is actually cooked so that it pretty much has the same texture of white rice. you can still taste the brown rice flavor, but i've never had such fluffy brown rice before. 

i have a feeling this place is going to fast become my new downtown go to spot. add that pending liquor license and you'll compete for my dollars with meat and potatoes!oh the possibilities! this place is gonna rock it out in lawrenceville, i just know it. just looking at the cocktail menu got me excited for what's to come... too bad it was a lunch time meal.

but really, not that bad because my lunch was suburb. it's restaurant week, so the deal was two meatball subs and poutine to share for $20.13. not bad at all. i am a sucker for a potato bun, so i was excited to see it beautifully presented on one. the meatballs were large and in charge and there was a tasty blanket of mozz cheese laid out on top. you can get either gravy or marinara and i, of course being italian, went with the red. i wish there was a tad more sauce on the sub, but i'm a saucy kind a gal...

the poutine was not a let down in the taste department either. loads of gravy, crispy fries and... cheesecurds. cheesecurds are made straight from heaven, i swear. i only wish there were more! 

the place itself is beautiful. of course, there are church pews as seats, but no confessions needed. unless you confess how awesome this place is!the name says it all. sinfully good. sinfully addictive. sinfully sinful.

the chocolate. let me just say, i'm not a chocoholic. i like chocolate, don't get me wrong, but i wouldn't scarf down whole chocolate bars by the gallon. but mix chocolate with something and i'm game. mix sinful sweets chocolate with anything and i'm really really game! for realz!

every. single. thing i've had from here is scrumptious. i've tried a platter of treats at allegheny wine mixer and i stopped in and had a chocolate covered s'more. i want a thousand chocolate s'mores in my life. stat!

i can't wait to try everything they sell. the cake pops, the truffles, the caramels. i want it all!!!

but let's get real for a second. the chocolate is amazing! apparently it's from an old family recipe. the family's got it down, yo! i cannot walk past and not go in anymore. actually, writing this review right now makes me want to get in my car and go there. too bad it's not 24 hours. actually, it's probably best for me. but come tomorrow, i'll be there!the new joint is bigger and better than ever! i cannot tell you how much i love this place. i want to shove never ending $7 citrus marinated pork burritos in my mouth! i hate to say it, but it competes with reyna's tacos for me. sorry kids. there might be a new burrito ruling the mean streets of pittsburgh!

and, now that their space is bigger, their menu is as well! fried avocado... may take the place of a fried pickle in my book. delicious! spicy gauc with yuca chips. okay, pile on some more! they now even have bonafide entree items.

it doesn't get much better than this. but wait, it will... when they get their liquor license. i can imagine nights of margarita drinking on their patio (that i think they'll have down by their old location??). byob for now, so bring your mixers for their tasty bevvies. 

this place is dangerous for me, as it's in my hood. but at least i don't have far to roll myself home!i was very pleasantly surprised with matteo's. who doesn't love italian food? i mean, i'm 100% italian*, i sure do (*i'm not... i'm 50%... but whatever). in my opinion, there's a tier system with italian food. 

high: your grandma's italian cooking
medium: italian restaurants that taste like your grandma's italian
low: italian restaurants that make generic italian that tastes like they just opened a bottle of raggu and dumped it on some pasta. 
gross: olive garden

i love me some alla famiglia and consider this is in my top restaurants in pittsburgh. i swear i thought the sauce tasted close to my grandma's. yum! but other italian restaurants in pittsburgh don't really come close to that. they may be good, but just not there.

while matteo's wasn't necessarily like g-ma's, it was pretty darn good! i ordered one of the daily specials (out of the ten they offered that day), the mussels diablo. i like that you can pick your noodles with your pasta entree. i also like the fact that they didn't scrimp on mussels, you got a ton. the spice factor was just right and really the whole dish was a win with tons of peppers and tomatoes. i did have a little bit of dish envy when i tried my friends pasta vodka... as i love vodka sauce. solid sauce i'll say... that's my next order.

the service wasn't bad like some of the other reviews have stated, but we were in on a slow lunch day, so i'd hope it wouldn't be bad. it was actually quite friendly. i also really love the interior. dark wood and a really beautiful piece of framed art/tapestry that i wanted to steal! i could even imagine coming here for some apps and sitting at the bar one night.

honestly, because of the vodka sauce, i'm coming back, and soon!i want to write this very carefully. i came in for restaurant week, so i expected it to be bustling. from a previous experience i also expected it to be good, but it was not. 

we came on friday and it was packed. i felt like our server and the kitchen seemed overwhelmed. we waited a good amount of time between our wine, receiving bread and our courses. not that i mind staggering things, but especially the wine and bread should have been out quicker. the bread was fresh and piping hot, so that settled the rumbling stomachs once we got it.

i ordered the special of mussels in tomato sauce, ceasar salad and polenta crusted cod. the mussels were okay. i wasn't thrilled with the sauce, as it seemed a bit bland. the salad was totally fine. but the cod, inedible. 

now i will say, i felt very badly about saying something, but i wasn't going to eat it. it was mushy and the tomato sauce also seemed to not be seasoned. i took one bite and was done. the server didn't seem to concerned, but did exchange my meal for the tortellini. while that was much better, the experience had already been ruined. 

i must admit, i was surprised that a manager didn't pop in to ask if everything was okay. especially since two of our four meals had been sent back. i also saw the chef pop out twice and he also never said a word to us. i just thought it was strange. was it my responsibility to tell the manager? or was it the server? i don't know, but i felt awkward about the whole experience.the hype is real folks. read this review and get thee to gaucho if you have not been there yet! seriously. don't wait. do it!

i split the rosemary braised beef and the carne steak sandwich with a friend. great idea because it was the best of both worlds! while i enjoyed the rosemary braised beef more, because i love horseradish and caramelized onions, the carne steak was just as good! the steak was so flavorful you didn't need anything else... 

unless, you're into sauces like i am! i love sauce! they had four different kids of sauce on the table in the middle of the place. i wish i could tell you what every kind was, but all i know is that they were delicious! i just wanted to steal them and put them on everything i eat all the time! 

it's s small place, so beware you may have to do take out, but don't fear, they're looking to expand shortly and will hopefully offer dinner service and more!! so get thee to gaucho asap!i am so so so excited about this joint! how lucky are we to have a local comedy club right in the cultural district? how lucky am i to be able to soak all this funniness in? is funniness even a word? whatever... this place rocks!

i hit the opening weekend for their saturday 8pm performance. i had no idea what to expect, which probably makes the experience even better. first up was the player one improv group. they're the resident "troop" of the theater. this was my favorite part of the evening. it's been a long time since i've seen local improv, and it was highly entertaining. we have some really talented and funny people living amongst us! whodda thunk it? loved the audience participation in setting up certain scenes. they were on point!

next up was a radio show. it was one of those old time radio show set-ups, where the actors read a script, performing as multiple characters right in front of you. i know the bricolage theater does this series with much success. i felt this was the one part that fell a little flat. i get what they're trying to do, which is introduce different programming, but it may need to fit into a different evening. something i'm sure they'll figure out with time.

the mood was brought up by the musical stylings of burgertime. i don't know quite how to categorize them other than a musical comedy/mash up act. addi, the lead singer, is super adorable and has an amazing voice. top that off with a version of fergies "my humps" and i'm sold. i was also mesmerized by this one cool electronic type instrument they were using. i'm not an expert on musical instruments, but it looked like the base of a guitar with electronic sounds coming out of it. i don't know how to describe it without sounding dumb, but it was awesome and i want to learn how to play it!

the event headliner was gene collier from the post gazette. i've never seen him do stand-up before... but he was very funny. i enjoyed his jokes about getting old, etc. we're all doing it... ugh. but... 30's the new 20!

the theater itself is super intimate with about 75 seats. i love that kind of setting because it allows you to feel like you're connecting with the performers. you can see their faces and their expressions clearly. i just know this place is going to get better and better and i can't wait to experience it all!!this is not just a sandwich shop (even though it's in the name!), but almost more like a gourmet sandwich shop. they're not going to slap together two pieces of bread and some meat and call it a day. 

all the sandwiches looked amazing, it was really hard to choose. i love love love lamb, so the lamb kofta pita spoke to me! good thing, because it was the right choice! with delicious tender meatballs, yogurt-tomato sauce and jalapeno for a little kick, it was so tasty! for $9.50 it's not a cheap lunch, especially if you want sides, but it was well worth it in my book!

it's a small space, but there's still a decent amount of seating at the bar downstairs or upstairs at the tables. the staff is also super friendly, which leaves a great impression for a new biz. it's a welcome addition for something that i think will only add to the strip!i've been in here a bunch of times since they changed their name, but this last visit is the first time i realized they weren't called fortune's anymore. whoops! must be concentrating to hard on the amazing smell. 

if you like flavored coffee, syrups for your coffee, delicious hot beverages and even tea, this is the spot for you! there are literally barrels and barrels of different flavored coffees, so really there's something for everyone. speaking of that... i'm more of a tea than coffee, and there are tons of different loose leaf teas to choose from as well.

you say you also need accessories? they have that too! from simple coffee makers, to chemix, filters and everything in between. i love going here for gifts, but of course i love it more for myself and my tea fix:)

the employees have always been very friendly, even in the xmas craziness, i had a very nice guy help me pick out gifts for some coffee lovers. i appreciate great service and it just adds to the character of this place!jury is still undecided. jury being me.

i reeeeeally wanted to like it. i love noodles, so with noodles in the name, i expected greatness! i was surprised to only see 12 noodle options with many many other food dishes listed on the menu. there were way more options for soup noodles, but not feeling like soup, i went with the "dry" dan dan noodles with shrimp. 

i will preface this by saying, maybe it's just a certain preparation that i'm not used to, but the peanut sauce tasted vinegary to me. am i crazy? maybe. but i swear it had a specific taste i could not get past. i honestly couldn't decide if i liked it or i didn't. i came to that realization three days later after i had eaten the leftovers for that amount of time (yes, they give you that much food!). 

as i said, maybe it's just in the preparation. but i'd like to come back and get some dim sum, or some bubble tea (very limited flavors) or maybe another noodle dish. a girl's gotta do her research, right?!it's the boylan's soda fountain that keeps me coming back for more! i mean, i love the concept of this place with made to order salads. but man, do i love me some boylan's cream soda! only thing that woulda made this experience perfect is if they had diet cream soda. it only comes in black cherry, which is a strong second in my book. but let's get serious. there's more to this place than boylan's (i guess:).

i may have said this in my oakland hello bistro review, but it still blows my mind that pittsburgh doesn't have more, if any, made to order salad places. it seems that in nyc there's one on every block. so you'd think that would trickle down to pittsburgh at some point. finally it has, with eat n' parks version.

which means the best of eat n' park! that includes their superburger and grilled cheese. if only they had grilled stickies it would complete the trifecta! but coming here i try to stick to mostly (see: boylan's obsession) salads, since they do them right.

i love the fact that they toss in what you want, how much dressing you need and mix it. those are always the main problems when you get a salad to go. i opted for their choice of the caribbean shrimp salad. i thought it was good, but not quite what i had remembered it to be. then, i tried my friends salad dressing, the citrus chipotle bbq, and went, danggit, i should have switched things up! it was gooood! my bad. next time i'm doing things differently. but somehow i still think its going to be tasty. and as long as they have friendly service (which they did) and boylan's soda, i'm sold!

i'm glad there's now one in south side too because i didn't think there were a lot of healthy, fast local options. i'll be stopping for my soda and salad again soon!dare i say this location is better than the mt. lebo one? maybe i'll just leave it as it's both different but equal. 

it's really weird walking in here for me because i was in the spot when it was a flower shop. i worked right next door at the starbucks and was friendly with the staff. but the transformation is incredible! it's really beautiful inside and surprisingly fits a lot of people. probably because they've also opened up the upstairs as well. 

with dark wood and intimate lighting, it still gives off that old world charm, but has a modern twist with a fancy pants bar both upstairs and downstairs. with the absence of the mt. lebo patio, this spot has a more urban feel, which i also like. 

the hubs and i split the quattro formaggi (fresh mozzarella, fontina, asiago, gorgonzola, pecorino romano, extra virgin olive oil) and the diavola (san marzano tomato sauce, fresh spicy salami, calabrian chili pepper, pecorino romano, fresh basil, extra virgin olive oilmozzarella) pizza. both were equally delicious, but i think i favored the diavola more. i liked the red sauce and slight spiciness, but it wasn't overpowering, which was great for me. although the quattro was also fantastic and super cheesy. it was unlike any pizza i've had before, which is a good thing.

be prepared to take a while to scan their extensive wine list. i usually recognize a handful of names, but here i only recognized chianti. thankfully our server helped us pick out a tasty wine (crap, i forgot it... it was red...). 

make sure to make a reservation, especially on the weekend, because they get packed! i'm so happy to have this joint in town now. although it will be hard to avoid when i'm down there now. i just want to stuff all the pizzas in my mouth!for a tea lover this is exactly what pittsburgh needed! a tea paradise with over 100 different selections. as soon as i walked in i was in heaven.

i think i weirded out the owner and server with how excited i was, but i really love tea! i just saw tea in the title as i was browsing yelp and literally just went there. so i had no idea what to expect. i went prepared to either walk in to buy tea or sit down and work.

good thing is it's set up like a tea room, so you can sit down and enjoy your tea with friends or bust out some work (yay for me!). it's really cool inside. there's little rooms you can sit in with a group of friends that almost look like it could transport you to a different country. adorable, really!

there's literally a whole book full of teas you can order from. there's black, white, oolong, etc etc etc. too too many to even name! i went with the black vanilla tea. it was delicious. would have gone with a touch of milk, but i didn't know if it was "proper" to ask. 

they also have some very light snacks and desserts. i'm so excited to come back, i'm sure i'll get to the eats at some point. although, i wasn't really a fan of the music. it was kinda like something you'd hear at a spa. if i had ear buds with me, i probably would have popped them in. but i get why they're playing it, for ambiance. 

whatever, i'll be back working my way through the menu!i had heard so many good things about notion. but i was not prepared for how fancy pants it is! i'd have to say this is maybe the fanciest place i've been to before. and i'm not just talking about the interior. i'm talkin' bout the whole package!

for $65 you receive four courses. you get to pick between three different items between every course. it's really a nice mix of food and my eyes went straight to certain picks. but what i didn't realize was that we got what i'll call the "bonus rounds." i wish i could describe to you all of the bonus rounds, i'll leave you with the surprise. let's just say they were all incredibly unique and a fun little treat (and i can't describe them for the life of me, so there's that). 

here were my dish picks:
beet with blueberries, hibiscus, creme fraiche
scallops imitating gnocchi with peppermint, parmesan broth
tenderloin with burnt onion, thinly sliced portabella and hazlenut
milk chocolate nutella cake, orange and banana pudding

i will first say i loved all the sauces they add to the dish right in front of you! i love a good sauce and the added bonus was watching them compliment the dish with the pairing sauce (see, fancy!). i thought the beets were great. i was a bit disappointed with the scallops, as i felt it could have used a bit more flavor. i loved the tenderloin though! they don't even ask you how you want it cooked, it just comes out medium rare, like it should be cooked all the time! i also really enjoyed the dessert. i loved the little bits of banana pudding mixed with the nutella cake.

all the plates were small, but i was full by the time i was done. not stuffed, but totally satisfied. and i lied, one of the bonus rounds was chocolate truffles, chocolate sticks and chocolate wafers. i was totally into this bonus round and even may have finished off others truffles. oops. 

but dining here is an experience. it's not just a dinner out. the way the wait staff caters to your every need, describes every single dish to you as it comes out and replaced every single napkin if you get up. now that is a good waitstaff!

no corkage fee, but they're getting ready to get a liquor license so byob will be coming to an end soon. i imagine the cocktails will be just as inventive as the food!

it's hard to put too much of the dinner into words, you just have to go for yourself!tender... i tenderly write you this...

i love love love the interior. the walls, the curtains, the furniture... beautiful! you can absolutely tell that jeff, the owner, puts a lot of thought into how he wants his restaurants to look (also the owner of verde). it's just gorgeous and i would love to have my house look like this!

beyond that, the focus is meant to be on the craft cocktail. i think it's really cool how they highlight the different bartenders with their names and signatures next to the drinks they've concocted. making them like artists crafting a beautiful piece of work. which, essentially they are, with delicious tasting cocktails! i ordered the penny-farthing both times i stopped in. the first time it was made by the sarah herself (the creator) and it was like heaven. with gozio amaretto, zaya rum, lemon, orange, egg white and sparkling wine. it even came in one of those cute little cocktail glasses. the second time i got it sarah wasn't working and i have to say, it wasn't the same. don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad by any means, just wasn't the same consistency. i also had a punch from the classic cocktail list (which is in super small print in the corner of the menu) and it was stellar! i think they're definitely on the right track...

the food. we ordered 6 plates:

lobster roll - #1 stand out. fresh and that bun... oh lord. freshly baked in house. buttered to perfection!
fluffernutter - good. but i like the idea so much i want more! the peanut butter is made in house! i wished there was more fluff and more nutter. and i was confused why it wasn't in the dessert section? is that just me?
mac n' cheese - very distinct taste. there was one specific cheese that was mixed in that made it that way that's escaping me, but i liked it. plus, it was extra smooth and creamy, just the way i like it!
poke - very good, very fresh.
hush puppies - a tad too salty for me.
potato salad - slices of red potatoes. i did like the dill vinaigrette but i'd opt for a second portion of the lobster roll...

the thing you have to keep in mind is that the plates are ber small and pricey. we split all of this between 4 of us and we were all still pretty hungry after. i think i'd come here for either pre-dinner apps or after dinner dessert/snacks. i wouldn't come here just for dinner. my wish/hope/dream is that they offer bigger plates. i think what they have going on is fantastic and interesting. plus, i love the atmosphere so much that i'd love to sit down and enjoy a nice filling meal here. 

i will most definitely be working my way through the cocktails! and dreaming of making my house look like the inside of this joint...so this place isn't fancy. just barebones... probably used to be a bar, used to be a restaurant etc. but don't let the plain aesthetic scare you, there's good food to be had!

not surprisingly, i had to go with the cuban sandwich, which is ham, brisket, cheese toasted on cuban bread. it was very good. their brisket is pretty legit alone. the fries looked to be freshly cut. but, they could have been crispier. same with the plantains i stole off my friends plate. but they were still tasty as well.

also, i will note they serve freshly brewed sun tea. i love a good iced tea, so this was a treat! but beware, you only get two refills of the tea! i'd for sure come back and try some of the main dishes.thee most exciting thing happening in pittsburgh right now is the techshop! mark my words kids, this is next level shiz! 

what is the techshop you say? well, i had no clue! but when i took a tour of the place i could hardly even listen because i was so excited about it. you can come here and make things! and you don't even need to know how to make things, you can learn! 

from sewing to glass etching, printing to woodworking and way beyond, you can make! so if you're someone who already knows how to make these things, you can purchase a membership and stop in to make your project. 

don't know how to make a metal flower? me either! but i will once i take their class on how to make one! all classes range in price, but if you get on their mailing list, they seem to send out discounts frequently.

if the space wasn't cool enough, you can also use this as a work space if you're remote! they have a cafe with free popcorn, i mean, what more could you need in your workday!eh. i wanted more flavor. is that so hard to ask for?

i'm always excited to try a new thai place because i feel like thai food can sometimes be the most flavorful. this was not a palate party by any means. just another thai place... for now at least.

they are brand new, so i will give them that, but coming into an empty restaurant does not bode well. the place was deserted. and it's remodeled so well! it really looks amazing inside. beautiful wood floors, nice tables and chairs and a very inviting environment all around. but when you hear your chair scrap across the floor as you're sitting down, you know it's too quiet in there. 

i was excited to see a handful of noodle dishes on the list, so i went with the n1 kuteiv chha (phnom penh - flat oriental wheat flour noodles sauted with chinese broccoli leaves, fresh bean sprouts, eggs and scallions in phnom penh sauce). as i said, it just wasn't very flavorful. i could have done with some more broccoli and bean sprouts too. plus, the sauce was a little too thin and drippy. they did give you a good amount of shrimp, which i enjoy. i hate when they scrimp on the shrimp!

i wouldn't be opposed to going back, but it would definitely not be my first choice either.i had thee most ooey gooey brownie from here. it was as big as my face and i ate the entire thing. myself. and i'm proud! i'm so glad this truck is around after i gobble down some other unhealthy delicious dinner from another food truck. 

interesting note, they also have food food. like something of substance and non-sugary. last time i was there they had homemade pizzas. and if i know dozen, they'll be great! this is the whole package!three egg omelet was extremely tasty. loved the cheese and veggies. there was actually so much that i almost wish it was a four egg omelet!

the toast was freshly baked of course, and delish! i thought the employees were very friendly, and i loved the presentation of the food on the flat board. all around win!meat, meat and more meat. if you love meat, you'll probably love this place. if you like meat, it will still be okay, but you may not love it. that's where i'm at with this joint. 

i love lamb, and while the lamb chops were good, the rack of lamb of lamb wasn't really. the filet was excellent, as was expected. the other meats were good as well. i guess where i felt the place was missing was the salad bar. 

the other brazilian steakhouse i've been to had a bomb salad bar. while meat should be the strongest thing, i feel the salad bar should be equal. you can't have a great meal without great sides, right?! mostly everything i picked up off the bar i wasn't thrilled about. and it was a smaller selection than i thought it would be. 

service was excellent, but i would have expected that one because they must be attentive to be bringing you all the meat, meat and more meat and two because the place was pretty dead. it will cost you a pretty penny if you're not indulging though, since the whole meal is around $44. at that point you almost have to keep the courses coming just to get your money's worth. and that, my friends, is not worth it to me.i have been waiting and waiting and waiting for this to open up in my hood! that sign "coming soon" was haunting me. i can happily say, it is now open! 

it's a frozen yogurt shop. can you think of any frozen yogurt shop you've been to in the last couple years? then that's pretty much what you get. right down to the bored looking worker.

with 12 different flavors like raspberry, cheesecake, taro and cake batter (my fave!), you have a good amount of choices. the toppings are all on point as well. i'm happy to see brownies, cookie dough and chocolate sprinkles. see the type of person i am?? but there's also fruit, if you swing that "healthy" way:) 

the interior is adorable! bright and shiny and new. i just think it's a fun atmosphere, and why wouldn't it be? it's a delicious treat! like i said though, i thought it was a little odd the worker never even bothered to get off her phone while checking people out. even when i tried to ask a question, she didn't even look up from her phone. but honestly, it's not surprising. i feel like i always see these workers looking bored and/or miserable. 

also, you gotta watch your intake! what i mean is that they give you a massive bowl that you obviously want to fill to the brim with things. but if you do, fair warning you'll top off at around $5 for your treats! oh well, it was worth it!have you ever wished you could die and go to beer heaven? if so, this place may be that heaven. granted, if you want food that's a whole other realm.

i'd been wanting to stop in for a while, so i was excited to head in after a pirates game. as you can expect it was packed and loud. but i think what added to the loudness was the live band. i know this is going to age me so much, but i did hate to have to scream just to talk to friends. but, let's move on to the beer...

the selection is massive and their menu is more like a book. pages and pages of beers i've never heard of, but want to try! because it was so packed i went with an old fave, wells banana bread beer. this place is one of those joints where if you have a hard to find fave, they probably have it. 

it's byof, meaning you can bring in your own food. would be way cooler if there were a few more good options on the north shore. but i'm willing to "suffer" for good beer. and i think it's a cool concept. why make bad bar good when you can just concentrate on great brews?!caaaa-uuuute little french bistro. i've never been to the west end of town before and when i walked in i was taken to a whole other world. if you've been or live on that side of town you obviously know there are few businesses on the main street. i'm sure that their mission is to shine a light into the west end and promote more cool local businesses to come. while i selfishly wish it was closer to me... i would gladly make a trip here again!

everything works with the theme. the french music, the beautiful french pastries in the display case and the delicious french food! i was definitely tempted by the "official" tartine section of the menu (an open faced sandwich), but settled on the eggs florentine for breakfast. 

fabu choice because it was scrumptious. the eggs were perfectly poached, and the addition of bacon and roasted tomato underneath those eggs were devine! i only wish there was more delicious (and what seemed like homemade) bread to soak up the cream sauce. 

the woman who served us, who may have been the owner, was super sweet and attentive. i do hope that they do well! please go visit! for a cute overload we had the pleasure of seeing a regular stop in with his dog, who promptly hopped into his doggie bed that was out for him. how adorable is that? 

if that doesn't make you want to stop in, i don't know what will!i can't believe i waited so long to come here! how many tacos, enchilada's and nachos have i missed? it really frightens me to think of this...

i wish i could say this is the whole package, but they're missing one thing i love in mexican restaurants. but, we'll get to that later! 

while you head down the stairs to the basement, you may think, why am i going down a weird stairway to a creepy basement? but then you walk into the doorway downstairs and it's a beautiful restaurant! all dark wood with grand wooden tables. the decorations are everywhere, while borderline tacky, they're fun to look at. especially the large picture of a blue haired warrior (i think warrior??). 

the server was super friendly and attentive and our apps and meal came out in what seemed like five seconds. granted we were there around 6:30pm when it wasn't too busy, but it sure seemed hoppin' by the time we left around 8ish. 

i was excited to order a margarita, and even more excited when it came in a large shaker. time to party!! it was good, but it wasn't awesome. i think it was a tad too sweet for me. maybe a little less triple sec? but for $12, i'd say it was a good size.

there's literally 8 different salsa's to choose from, which can be a bit overwhelming. but if you want spicy or mild, fruit or veggie, it's all there. we tried the verde and the chipotle, and both were very good. i thought the chipotle was way different than i'd ever had, but i really liked it. plus the chips were fresh and homemade. 

i ordered the enchilada, but switched it up with shrimp instead of chicken with a $2 up-charge.  it came loaded with lettuce, sauce and 3 corn tortilla's. plus, white rice. i love me some sauce, so it was nice to mix in with the rice. and the enchilada was very tasty. i actually could go for one right now... hmmmmm....

so what was wrong? i was bummed about the gauc. it wasn't good. it wasn't bad. it was just lacking seasoning. i really thought it would have been awesome, being that the i have high standards with their taco stand out front. hopefully that will get better, but i will surely be back to house some more food in the near future!just another place to feed my shopping addiction! and i'm 100% okay with that because i'm keeping it local...

this place is adorable. i just love the aesthetic, with the rustic wooden shelves and tables, plus the quirky pittsburgh merchandise placed throughout. and most of all, i love that they carry dear creatures, one of my new fave brands! 

while this is not a cheap store, everything in here is quality, american made merchandise, which i can appreciate. plus, there's still a sale rack! which i hit up and scored a dear creatures dress and coat for $100. boom!

i love that the owner, emily, has created such an inviting atmosphere. i can't wait to see what fresh new clothes the seasons will bring. you better know i'll be stopping in frequently, so keep those shelves stocked my friend!this place. just adorable. i cannot explain how much adorableness oozes out of here, you just need to go, and asap! 

from the large airy open feel, to the blue and white accents to the large bookcase in the corner and the loft upstairs, there's tons of nooks and crannies to hide yourself away in. not to mention plenty of plugs for those of us working the day away. 

not only do they take their espresso seriously, but they have tea choices (for this tea lovin' gal) and thankfully, some lunch options. and serious lunch options. like a pb & j panini or the veggie panini that i enjoyed. 

so i urge you to make a special stop one afternoon and enjoy the day here, it's really hard not to!this store is so great that it makes me wish i was able to get married again....

so keep in mind i'm not shopping for myself, but since a friend recently got engaged i was excited to say, "let's go to glitter and grit!"

i have to say though, my idea of an independent bridal boutique meant that you'd be shelling out the big bucks. i was pleasantly surprised to say all prices were represented. 

you could get a beautiful dress at a stellar cost, might i add, even a bargain! or you can go high end and spend those big day bucks. regardless, it was all there.

apparently after chatting with the very friendly owner erin, they carry a lot of independent designers. that really makes for a unique wedding dress! adding to that, there were some very funky picks as well as trendy to classic. 

to sum it up, i've already picked out my vow renewal dress. now i just need to tell my husband!obsessed. for realz.

i can't get enough of these juices! and you know what the best thing is? it's all fresh! like straight up from fresh local produce to their press and into a bottle. how much better can you get?

i'm telling you, you've gotta stop in. not only is the owner, ankit, one of the friendliest guys you'll meet, but the building is rehabbed and gorgeous as well. plus, best thing is you can sample and try their juices!

i'm a big fan of the watermelon juice. a big enough fan that i bought a whole case! but they have a variety of other juices as well as a two and six day cleanse. while i don't have the willpower for a cleanse (i know an hour in i'd give up) i can't imagine them tasting bad!

take a look at some of your fave local coffee shops, because a lot of places are selling the juices there too. but i promise if you stop by their south side location you won't be disappointed!in my head this was a really comical experience. so i walk in on a weekday morning looking all rough. no make-up, hair frizzy, wearing an old sweatshirt. real classy like. as soon as i entered in i heard classical music playing. for a hot second i thought they played this music every time someone walks in. then i realized they just play it throughout the whole store. it makes so much sense that classical music playing when you pick out your $10.99 nuts. like literally, there's a wall full of nuts. any kind of nut you want, you can have.

as you can imagine, it's super neat and everything is nestled in it's right place. things did look fresh, but it comes at a high cost. i picked out marinated filet mignon and pork chops. i won't tell you how much they cost. but i will say that filet was darn good. the pork chops were just okay. 

if you're looking for brand names, you probably won't find it here. even something as "fancy" as almond milk is high end brands i've never heard of. almond breeze has no place here apparently. i believe it looked like they carried their own brand. i will admit i bought a pumpkin bread mix from their brand that turned out pretty good. i won't repeat myself...okay, i will, it was expensive as well. 

also, if you're into spices it seems like they have every type of usual and unusual ones. including seasonings and rubs. i would imagine this would be amazing for someone who likes to cook or add a little spice to their life. 

but it just comes down to one thing. can you tell what it is? money. i felt poor shopping here. one, because i looked a little ragged and two, because my total was like a shopping trip for two weeks at aldi. maybe even three. i honestly probably won't be back, unless i'm really craving that filet. like, reeeeeally craving it. and only if i was feeling rich...we can talk all day about how many great breweries are opening up, but what about the boutique scene!? we've really got some fabulous shops popping up in the burgh!

i must admit, it took me a while to come in here. truthfully, i was a little worried i wouldn't be able to afford it. while there are pretty expensive items here, i found things that i was comfortable spending my money on. 

were the things i bought sale items? yes! but i did see regular priced items on the very high end, and some that weren't too bad. i was very excited to see one of my fave designers, house of harlow there, as well as dogeared jewelry. 

i'm excited to check things out season to season.... okay, let's be honest. i'll be there sooner than that!i'm so glad to see that after the previous business havana closed, something else opened up. hopefully something better. 

as soon as i walked into havana i walked right back out. the smoking was the thing that really got to me. seems as if smoking isn't allowed in this place, which is a good thing! i also think the decor is an improvement. havana seemed like it wanted to be a nightclub, while the summit seems to want to be a cool cocktail bar. i dig.

they don't serve any food at this point. just drinks. not sure if this will change, but it might be nice to add some tapas to the menu to munch on for happy hour or late night.

the drink menu isn't large. there's about 10 signature drinks and a handful of beers available. the waitress explained that all their simple syrups are made in house. that was a great surprise and made me even more excited about the drink!

i ordered the strawberry lemonade because the waitress explained they squeezed the lemons in house and it wasn't a pre-made lemonade mix. i wasn't looking for sugar shock. just a refreshing summer cocktail. it was just okay. maybe a little too weak. the ingredients just didn't really give off too much flavor, it wasn't just the alcohol being weak.

i have hope though. it's new. they've still probably gotta work out the kinks. that's okay, i'll be back! i'm all about supporting an exciting business on shiloh st! hopefully more good things to come!two words: milk stout. wait. three words: milk stout deliciousness! i've been dreaming about it ever since i had my first sip of their beer! 

i'm not a beer expert but i'd say i can tell the difference between an amateur and professional brewer and these guys know what they're doing. or should i say, husband and wife team! 

they sell growlers right now. you can't grab a glass, but you can sample to your hearts content! i like that they carry two different sizes of growlers so you don't have to commit to the larger one.

stop in soon! you will not regret it... and you'll probably leave with some quality beer!i keep thinking about the delicious turkey burger i had here. that's when you know you had a good meal! all i want to do is go back and get another. and another. and another! my friends, it's the best turkey burger i've ever had!

but the thing is, it was good on all levels. the smoked gouda, lettuce, tomato and
mango ketchup made it a dream. and let me tell you, i usually have to douse my burgers with condiments, but everything was the perfect amount. and the bun was awesome. i believe it was a potato bun, but whatever it was, it was a really good bun:)

i also ordered tots, which were good and crispy... but that burger just shined! oh yeah, there was also some good ahi tuna nachos too. they were really good actually, but... you know what i'm gonna say... the burger was the best! but just so you know, the nachos are not necessarily nachos, but one singular chip with ahi tuna and gauc on top. they're a small portion, but a good starter.

i also like the fun atmosphere. it's really just all about being social. i like the wide open feel. so even though i was there for lunch, i'm definitely going back for a happy hour or late night with friends. definitely a very strong start for this new joint!first time i came here was when they first opened. i have to admit, i had a so so cocktail, was kinda bummed about it, and didn't make this a destination spot again.

well, now i find myself in the hood again, and i figure why not, give it another go round! i'm happy to report i'm very impressed. the last time i went the staff was a bit short with me, this time they were super friendly and helpful. my drink, a negroni, was wonderful!

we also opted to try the mussels. they were served chilled on crostini with potatoes and obviously marinated in vinegar. they were scrumptious! seriously, so good. it was such a tease, because it was such a small dish. since it was only two crostini's, and i split it with my friend, one crostini was just not enough! so beware, if you're greedy, get one for yourself:)

i'm more than happy to come back now, especially to try more food! i'll be interested to see if they ever expand their menu, because it's small. we'll see, because i'll check in again soon!potatoes and beets on pizza! say whaaaat???

but it happens here, and i must say, it's delicious! so do yourself a favor and try the black and gold pizza. i especially enjoyed the crispy potato parts of the pizza.

i also tried the forest pizza, which came in a close second. it was loaded with mushrooms, onions and garlic. so remember your mints for later.

i really liked the crust. it wasn't as thin as i thought it would be and i like my crust a bit doughy. was this a mistake because its supposed to be wood fire pizza? i don't know, but i enjoyed it!

i love the atmosphere in here, as they did a great job making it intimate inside. can't wait to come back and enjoy a beer from their large list next time!do you like chocolate? then get here, stat!

i'm not messing around. i had one bite of their pistachio chocolate and i thought i had died and gone to truffle heaven. seriously, i'm not joking. i'm not even a choco-holic. don't get me wrong, i like chocolate, but i'm not obsessed like others are. if you're obsessed you will die and go to chocolate heaven here!

pick from an array of different fancy pants french chocolates, or try out their new cupcakes. at $3 a pop, they're not cheap, but look like a decent size compared to other unnamed cupcake shops around 'tahn. plus, the icing is light and fluffy and so is the cake. just the way i like it. i tried the strawberry cupcake, which had homemade strawberry filling. deeelicious. 

the outside looks totally unassuming, and i had mistakenly thought it was a new business, but came to find out they've been open for about a year! so don't just walk by next time, stop in! and you can thank me later.... with a peice of chocolate!i wasn't too impressed. but to be honest, i didn't expect to be either. while i had my moment watching buddy master cakes on the cake boss, to attach his name to a restaurant wasn't as exciting as say, having a bakery with his name on it.

i will say the meal started strong with the meatball appetizer. you get large meatballs in sauce and both were very good. so it set the standard high.

one of my favorite items at italian restaurants is the pasta vodka. while it was good, it wasn't great by any means. just okay. i did appreciate the al dente noodles though. 

but the most surprising thing was the desserts. i get it, you want to include some family favorites like cannoli's, but still. no cake? what about featuring mini cakes that are decorated? just something to play off the show. i just expected more than just three plain jane choices of sweets. 

i'll admit i sought it out, having the name attached and being new, but i wouldn't urge anyone else to visit this spot while in vegas.for a new restaurant i'm very impressed! i'm such a sucker for a place that has a theme that carries throughout. they obviously put a lot of thought behind how they wanted the place to look and feel. it looked like a lot of the wood was reclaimed from barns, you know, that kinda hip look right now? are they calling it barn chic? who knows... but i do know the food was gooooood!

i'm way into cream sodas and was so excited to see them, plus you can spike it with vodka... done! it was delicious too, with the seasonal flavor being pecan. the only thing wrong was that it went too fast... my bad!

we started off with the warm olives and mozzarella, which was good and made me want more! the crab balls were good and i think if you're really into crab, this will probably be your jam. the poutine was the only thing that was so so. the fries were legit fresh cut, but the gravy sank all the way to the bottom and wasn't very plentiful and the curds weren't very melty. this was probably the one item that was just okay. but i kept eating, so you know it was fine!

i wanted to get just the saucy balls aka 4 meatballs. but i thought you could choose different balls and sauces (this sounds so dirty... but how can i not make this sound dirty??). but you can't do that. no ball switching allowed! so i went with the sliders instead because you're allowed to pick your balls freely...

i got the:

meatball sliders were $3.50 each
classic beef with sunday gravy
spicy pork with arribiatta 
chicken with creamy parmesan

the best by far was the chicken with parm. i really thought i would have been down with the regular classic beef, but man was that chicken ball good! with the creamy parm it just paired amazingly. the spicy pork was my second fave, with a spicy arribiatta sauce to go with it. the classic was still good, but the others just blew it out of the water!

the service was super friendly, and i was surprised to see it so dead, but it was a saturday afternoon with not much going on downtown (other than a weird anime conference at the convention center). i will note that i loved their serveware! stainless steel deep bowls with handles. it made serving and eating easier. i know that's a weird thing to notice, but i loved them and kinda want them for my kitchen now. don't worry, i won't steal them...i was pleasantly surprised. not only did i hate the fact that i couldn't have a beer here mid day (busy day is cause for a clear head!).., i did not want a salad. but it's diet time, so i did right and ordered the chevre spinach salad.

it was excellent! loved every single ingredient (warm chevre, spinach, candied pecans, shaved carrots, roasted beet, crisp pancetta and lemon vinegarette). plus, with a $10.50 price tag, it didn't break the bank and it was a good size. i choose not to add chicken or salmon, but like that there's the option.

service was quick and friendly! i really think if you're got a stellar salad, it can only go up from there! excited to work my way through the tasty looking beer and food menu soon, once i can cheat:)i've been putting this one off for a while. it's hard because i love meat and potatoes, their "sister" restaurant. and while they are very similar in terms of food, i just don't think they're quite there yet.

i've had the trout, which was good, but still not on par with m n' p. i've also dived into their breads, which are very good. but i feel like i'm still looking for something to set them apart. i know it will happen... or hope at least!

but the drinks... oh the drinks! they are spectacular! i mean, i want to drink there every night. which would probably mean i have a problem... but it's just so good. i'm so into the boulavardier. i can't help but get that every time i'm there. i know i need to branch out though, i realize i'm tying myself down. but sometimes i can't help myself!

the attention to detail in decor is incredible. it makes me feel like i'm in a secluded writer's cabin, if you ignore all the people eating and drinking inside. i love the squirrels on the wall and the little corner with the desk and typewriter. every time i'm there i find some other little bobble or decoration to admire.

the one negative is the bathroom. as everyone else has noted, it is... interesting. i get it. it's supposed to be like stalls in a barn. i know, you can lock the door so that no one can get in, even though there's two stalls. but you don't learn that you can lock the door until you've been in there a handful of times. if you're the lucky one who doesn't know, you're sure to get a peak at something you might not want to see or someone will get a looksie at your goodies. just bein' honest folks. 

maybe that's why you need to just have bother drink there??sweet baby jesus was i sinfully gluttonous today! but it was well worth it for all the tasty morsels of food i devoured! 

i have been waiting and waiting and waiting for this to open and the day has finally come... and yum! i love me some fish n chips and this hits the spot. it's not across the pond (well maybe a river or two), but right here in good ole pittsburgh. you may get great fried fish during lent around these parts, but now it's year round here!

i had to go with the classic order for my first time. the fish was undoubtedly fresh and the deep fry was crisp and surprisingly not greasy in the least. i really enjoyed the fries too. you know those fries you kill for? the ones that are so crispy and perfect, you almost don't need to dip them in ketchup? almost. these are them, yo! i had a couple bites of the mac n' cheese as well. love the big noodles, but it could have been a little bit creamier. 

but i didn't stop there! remember, gluttonous? so i tried the oatmeal toffee chocolate chip ice cream sandwich. do i even need to say how amazing it was? and with freshly baked cookies? and ice cream. 

and the apple pie tasted straight outta yo momma's oven. we got crafty and scraped half the ice cream off the cookie and made ourselves an a la mode pie. desperate fat kid times, you know? the fried mars bar was a warm melty fried mars bar. was it delicious? yes. but the other desserts are just made with homemade goodness, they'd be hard to avoid!

yep, this all happened. you read it here first. i wasn't hungry until 9pm that night. when i ate an apple. which was boring and lame.very pleasantly surprised. i guess maybe i just didn't know what to expect either, as jewish food is pretty foreign to me.

we sat outside in the little patio area, which is nice to watch the foot traffic go by. started off with the latkes, which were crispy perfection, served with sour cream.

my main dish was similar to a falafel or gyro. it was wrapped in pita bread with fried eggplant and tomato and it was awesome! again, crispy eggplant is the best, don't give me mush! the side of coleslaw was done just right. not too much mayo, but sweetened appropriately. i'm a hard judge towards coleslaw and it passed!

the presentation was adorable too! it came on a tray with the coleslaw in a chinese take-out carton. service was very friendly and our bill for two people was $30. not bad in my opinion.

i will note that the menu only offered about four main dishes and the rest are sandwiches. but a limited menu isn't always a bad thing, as i found out!let's talk about the space first. gorgeous! they really know how to design a hip and trendy joint. exposed beams, hanging industrial lights and shelves of spices. very cool. definitely very similar to their sister restaurant, local, but better.

we came in on a snowy sunday, so it wasn't very busy. i note that because we waited quite a bit for the cheese plate we ordered first. that was a bit confusing because you wouldn't think a cheese plate would take long to bring out. 

thankfully we didn't wait long for our bloody mary and mimosa, so at least there's that. the bloody mary was perfect. spicy, made with pepper vodka. so once the cheese plate came out we dove in. i have to say i was a bit disappointed. one, because our server just dropped it off and didn't explain what cheeses were on the board. so we had no clue what we were eating. two because the cheese selections seemed sub-par. since i'm not sure what cheeses they were it's hard to say where they came from or what exactly they were. i will note that the biscotti on the plate was very good though!

so for the main course i ordered one of my favorite brunch items, eggs benedict. i thought they were very good. the only thing i'd change is the english muffin. it was very thin and i would have liked one that gave a better base to all the other goodness on top. but i thought the bacon, eggs and hollondaise sauce was excellent. but, again, another issue one could find is that it was a small portion. it was enough for me because i wasn't starving, and we had the cheese plate, but i did think it was small. 

to sum it up, it was up and down. our server was friendly enough, other than the misstep with the cheese plate (obviously not a huge deal). i would absolutely come back and hope they just keep trying to improve on things to make it a better place!i've decided i need to open my own coffee shop. only for the reason of making it the cutest, coziest place on earth. until then, i strive to find one close to my perfect vision. although big dog has my heart right now, i really enjoyed this place.

to say it's off the beaten path is an understatement. it is off the beaten path, between large warehouses and practically no real retail businesses. parking was pretty tough and i was actually parked in by a large semi when i came out (rude!). so that was kinda a downer. but i get why you do this. you open a business in a place that you hope will build up around you. 

i so so so wanted to try the "cakery" part of the place, but had to be good for a biggest loser diet competition (i know, boooring!). but those heart shaped conversation heart sugar cookies looked adorable! i didn't realize they'd offer a full lunch menu, but was happy to see a wide variety of not only sandwiches, but salads. i choose the cranberry, apple and walnut salad and it was perfect. tons of fresh spring mix and the strawberry vinaigrette complemented. great size as well.

i was also happy to see a variety of loose leaf teas and chai. i choose the house chai, which was great and spicy. i'm sorry, but if you're a cafe (coffee house, tea house, etc) you've gotta carry loose leaf these days. 

prices were extremely reasonable with everything i ordered coming in around $10. i do hope they do well, the staffer was very friendly and chatted with me about their hopes for the place and neighborhood. if you're around the area i urge you to check this out!i was so so so excited that istanbul grill found a new home! it was heartbreaking when they were kicked out of their old space. but this felt like an adventure. if you don't work at the steel building, or you aren't familiar with the underbelly of the building like me, you might be completely lost. especially if the security guard hasn't even heard of the business!

when finally found, it was pure joy! although it doesn't look like they have quite the room or set-up they used to, i will admit it looks a little cleaner (which is a good thing). i was pumped to get my normal chicken salad with beets, white sauce and two grape leaves, all for $10 bucks! and the massive amount they give you, my lord, you could eat for two days!

now, while it was still delicious, one thing i noticed was that my chicken had to be bottom of the barrel chicken. a lot of it was overcooked and too hard to even eat. bummer. why would i go back? because i know it's still awesome and i'm crossing my fingers this was an "off" day. that's how much i love this place! five star experience hopefully next time...this is exciting and different. i'm interested to see how they grow for sure. 

i came during pittsburgh restaurant week, which meant we were able to get 5 dim sum dishes for the price of 4. not bad, not bad. i was so pumped when i saw the tray going round and eagerly awaiting which dishes i would choose from! so the chick came round with the tray of 5 different dishes and we all grabbed them up.

i was able to try every dim sum item on the menu. how? because that's all the options they had. i'm not privy to how most dim sum restaurants are, but i thought there would have been more options. i'm wondering if they're starting with the five (which seem to rotate out on different days when i peaked at the menu) and expanding from there. i'm actually hoping, more than wondering!

while the pork belly bites rocked my world, the others were tasty enough, like the cold soba noodles, steak tataki and shrimp salad. looking forward to seeing what else they can come up with to rock my world 5 to 10 to 20 times more!

i was also excited to try some of the cocktails, since i'd heard they were pretty crafty (get it, craft cocktail??). i tried the g&g club cocktail $10 (bourbon, amaro, creme de cassis, orange bitters). it was good and strong. be careful... 

i really like how they set the main menu up, aside from the dim sum. they list the plates by size. so the top of the list is smallest and runs to largest. while the short ribs $6 (cream cheese biscuits, aged white cheddar cheese, hollandaise) were amazing. we split between four people, when i really wanted to shove both biscuits in my mouth. so maybe share with two people:)

the salmon $17 (crispy pretzel bread pudding, braised cabbage, pickled mustard seeds) on the other hand was enough for one person, but we did split, with so much other food to share. i thought this dish was very creative and loved the homemade pretzel bread and cabbage. the salmon was also expertly cooked!

the tasso ham flatbread $14 (black garlic, olive oil, leeks, mushrooms, fontina cheese, kale, arugula) was also very good. actually, come to think of it, the main dishes may have been better than the dim sum... i just came to this realization after typing all this out. i feel like they set out to potentially conquer dim sum in the burgh... and hopefully they will, but for now it seems like main dishes rule.so sad that on a wednesday night, when the bar seems busy, they close at 11pm! i mean, i get it, you gotta close earlier on the weekdays... but i just wanna enjoy my late night drink! 

we were the jerks who came in at around 5 minutes to 11pm, but they were kind enough to serve us and let us chill outside to enjoy the beautiful downtown view. not only do you get that beautiful view, but it's really a pretty patio too. with a modern chic fire burning and outdoor seating to cozy up on. 

my aviation was perfection too. only wish i had time to get another one!you have to appreciate the whole vibe in here. old reclaimed wood, with chocolate colored walls and beautiful crystal chandeliers. it almost is like it shouldn't go together, but it goes so well. 

i had heard they were serving lunch, so i wanted to check that out (along with something sweet of course), so i went with the roast beef sandwich. it was fresh and loaded with the good stuff. i definitely needed more mayo, but that's totally a given knowing me and my condiment obsession. i loved the bun too, as it wasn't too hard to bite into. 

the downstairs is like a sweet treat wonderland. with glitter. lots of glitter. did you know there's edible glitter? there is, and it's home base is here and i'm totally okay with that! 

so past the glitter is delicious looking treats in every nook and corner. from cakes, to cookies to bon bons and even ice cream sandwiches. it's really an oasis of opulence when it comes to desserts. 

i tried a doughboy, which is like a glazed donut and croissant. i love me a glazed donut, and was happy to see it wasn't so massive that you couldn't finish.

the upstairs is surprsingly spacious, with more seating and even a cute little balcony. i found myself racking my brain for people i knew who needed a cute space for bridal showers or baby showers. it would be the perfect spot for a small party like that. 

and one thing's for sure, you'll be treated to something sweet!i'd been here twice for drinks, but was waiting for the right moment to enjoy the food. the right moment came with a tantlizing restaurant week menu! 

first, let's talk about ambiance. it's super swank and modern. if you'd ever been to the former restaurant here, the georgetown inn, forget about what you remember, because it's nothing like that! are the views spectacular? yes! will you be paying for those views? probably.

so the food. first, you are not only treated to complimentary popcorn, but also complimentary bread. a bread offering that is probably one of the best freshly baked bread assortments i may have ever had! i gluttonous, so i had to try all three... the faccacia, 12 grain and potato roll. all were fabulous. pair it with the sea salt butter and you're really in carb heaven. simply incredible fresh bread. 

the tasting menu i choose was $39.14 for a three course dinner

first course
squash blossom risotto

second course
braised jamison farm lamb orchiette with zucchini, sundried tomatoes, spinach, sheeps milk ricotta

third course
half baked brownie

the risotto was very good. i think it's hard to not have a bland risotto, and this definitely wasn't. the lamb was to. die. for. seriously. cooked medium rare, tender and flavorful. i could have had a little bit more, it was so good! the pasta was good, but there was something missing. i'm not sure if it was the flavoring. it had all the ingredients to be flavorful, and it just wasn't enough for me. seasoning just didn't do it for me. but was by no means a bad dish.

the brownie is every bit as good as it sounds. i hate when people try to pass off chocolate cake as a brownies. this was a legit fudge half baked obey gooey center brownie. legit. the bite of my friends cheesecake further convinced me that their desserts are incredible! 

is the food expensive? yes, but not excessively priced. but i think what really adds up is the wine or cocktails on top of a meal. their wine list is impressive, and they offer pairings. but just remember, you'll also be paying for the water. yep. bottled or sparkling you're charged for. not sure if you can ask for tap.

but , i think a fancy meal with a lovely view is totally okay once in a while!i'm always excited to try out new places. and always a little hesitant. who knows what will happen? that's the thrill, right? and when the owner greets you with a warm hand shake at the door, it makes a good first impression. 

but i'm sad to say i wasn't very impressed with the food. everything on the menu sounded tantalizing. so me and my dining companion decided to split the lamb sliders and mussels. 

i started off with the red pepper soup, which was bland. i tried my friends french onion soup, which was much better. i think the layer of melty cheese on top helped mightily. 

the mussels were incredibly lemony. it didn't have the right ratio of lemon to white wine to olive oil in my opinion. i love lemon, but it was a bit much. we also asked if bread came with it. the waiter smiled and said "oh yeah!" emphatically. when i imagine bread with my mussels, i imagine a thick piece of crusty italian or something similar. but our "bread" was literally the thin slices of bread given to us at the start of the meal. nothing else came out with the mussels. total bummer. 

i love lamb, and while the actual lamb tasted fresh, and was cooked medium rare, just how i like it, it was also bland. just didn't have the seasoning there. and call me crazy, but the lettuce looked wilted. you know when you have a bag in the refrigerator for too long and the corners get dark? i spotted a couple of those. i stopped eating the side salad after i noticed that. 
 
i was also excited about the wine list. i didn't see my usual malbec, so i tried a spanish wine (suggested by the waiter) and then a chianti. both were lighter in flavor than i'm used to. weren't necessarily bad. just wouldn't be something i would have picked... since i asked the waiter for suggestions. maybe that was my bad?

service was extremely friendly, i really can't say enough good things about it. i think that's why i feel so bad not giving it a better rating. it's such a cozy place inside. i really hope they work on the menu more to match the stellar service.wow. that's the first word that comes to mind. the second is finger licking good. the third is, when can i go back!?

i realize there's a great debate on what's better bbq in pittsburgh, but i honestly think there's an array of different kinds, that can range from good to mediocre. this is definitely on the good end!

i got the meal of 3 ribs, 2 wings and 2 sides. momma came hungry! but really i just chalk it up to the ribs and wings not being much meat. 

the ribs were great. i tried the beef ribs, so while two had a decent amount of meat on them, one did not. but the smoked flavor itself almost warranted no sauce. almost. but that's just because i love sauce too much... i couldn't not have it. and the mild sauce i tried was the right combo of spicy and sweet. i thought the wings were good, but had very little meat on it. the breaking was really good though. how do you choose between meat and breading?

the sides were all great too. i split 2 other sides with a friend as well. usually there's always a mix of good and bad, but all were good. i think the best was the sweet potato casserole. it tasted like pie, it was just incredible! the greens were great and the cornbread was too. usually i find cornbread dry, so i was happy this wasn't. the only two that were okay were the mac n cheese and beans, but they weren't bad by any means.

this is gonna be my new spot for bbq in my area for sure! if you don't live around here, it's still well worth the drive here!i hate to say you'd never expect a place like this in carnegie, but i can't help myself!! i can't believe this is in carnegie! it seems like a swanky downtown joint. but i'm liking carnegie more and more, and places like this is why!

so as i mentioned, it's super swank inside. dark wood, hip music and classy looking people. it's two floors, plus a patio on the bottom and top floors. we sat on the top patio, which was fun to people watch below. 

for an appetizer we split the poutine. the fries were crispy, and didn't get soggy by the tasty gravy and the cheesecurds were good, i only wish there were a little more (i feel like there were three large ones).

my main dish, the faroe island salmon, which was almond pesto, tomato sauce, grilled veggies and asiago grit cake, all blended together perfectly. the taste was pretty rich, but wasn't overpowering. i was impressed with how large the salmon was too! it was very filling and i didn't finish it all.

honestly, the whole menu looked intriguing. even when i glanced at the lunch menu the offerings looked tantalizing. it's definitely one of those places i need more of in my life!i'm in love! finding a good nail salon is like finding a good partner in life. they'll make you feel good, but when they piss you off, you're done! 

i'm so happy to report that nothing has pissed me off about this place. heather, the owner, is so nice and talented. i have searched pittsburgh high and low for a person that does nail art. i'm not talking about airbrush like in the old school days with fake acrylic nails. i'm talking about art on the nails. the art of painting on nail beds, etc.

i want fun and she brings it, plus at a good price. cash only. but you'll get a regular mani for $20 and nail art starting at 25$. 

now i'd never done gel nails before, i was hesitant because i have such horrible peeling nails, i assumed whatever i'd use would just chip instantly. i thought nothing would work on me. but finally, i'm so glad to say i'm in love with the gel nails. they still look fabulous and un-chipped after two whole weeks! i'm hooked!

and the nail art she does is adorable! i've come in with specific ideas and she's done them perfectly. i can't wait to see what she can do in the future! i'm addicted and will always have fancy nails now! don't you wanna be fancy too?their dessert/pastry marketing is on point here. seriously, you walk in and it's like walking into heaven. i was probably drooling onto the floor. but it was a healthy day for me, so i skipped the sweets and went to the salads. 

i had the mediterranean salmon salad (pan-seared salmon, mixed greens, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, sundried tomatoes, banana peppers, red onion, feta cheese, and greek feta vinaigrette dressing). they have a small and large size. i got the small, and to be honest, it was large in my opinion! so to have the big would be massive! plus it's only $9.99 vs $13.99. 

i also loved the dressing and thought the salad was loaded with the good stuff, the toppings. sometimes they scimp on the toppings, but they didn't. the salmon was a decent size and cooked perfectly too. 

looking forward to visiting again... i'm coming back for the sweets, don't you worry!this place. i can't even... it is just incredible. and now a second location!!! the best french pastries i've ever had. wait. the best pastries i've ever had! and the most artful too!

walking in you're met with the most amazing smell you've ever experienced in your life. then you gaze across the display of beautiful creations, you almost don't wait to eat them. but you do. and you enjoy them, immensely. there really isn't a pasty i've had that i didn't like. the almond croissants are my fave's, but i also enjoy their pistachio desserts and chocolate wafer-like desserts. forgive me for not remembering their proper name. i think i was too busy shoving them in my mouth.

this location is a lot bigger than their orginal one, plus the free parking lot is a major perk compared to the lawrenceville street parking. plus, there's free wifi! i think it would be dangerous to sit here for a while...i'm so excited about this place! i'm excited because i love juices, i love how they make me feel, and i love knowing exactly where the juice is coming from. no crazy ingredients added. and that's a guarantee here. 

ginny, the owner, knows her stuff. she's taken the time to really understand living healthy, and i appreciate that. and the best part of it all, the juices all taste phenomenal. 

i did a one day juice cleanse, because i was scared to do any more days, since i had never done a cleanse before. was the cleanse easy? no. but what made it easier was that all the juices were delicious! even the red beet one, that looked terrifying, was delicious. seriously, you hear about these cleanses, and how the juices are gross. at least if i'm "cleansing" aka mostly starving, i know i'm getting good things into my body. 

i'm strangely enough looking forward to my next juice cleanse, and it's all because of salud!