i was determined to let this one pass (experience was not worth commentary) until i made a disturbing discovery...

i made a reservation for inside. they sat us outside. that turned out to be preferable to us because the tables that were available inside were very close to others. the patio was spacious and decorated with busts, slightly preferable to the inner cheap.trendy.interiors.com shit. have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders? probably not, as the ladies room is a very dim place; don't expect to be able to notice that your botox implant is crooked. anyway, it was hot under the space-ray heater on the patio, making for a sweaty and ice-instantly-melted beverage winter night. the food was alright with some interesting flavor pairings, but it was certainly not quite worth the price. the bread was the best i've had in pittsburgh. our server made it seem that everything she was doing was somebody else's job, in fact, it was mostly other people who delivered, which made it confusing in terms of knowing who to ask for things and whether or not to factor some of the fine service into the tip that presumably goes mostly to the primary server who was sub-par for upscale dining; our question for the kitchen left unanswered, "the host is supposed to do that but i will..." run on. when i described the qualities i was looking for in my wine choice during beverage inquiry, she just stared blankly and waited for me to decide. the wine list did not include descriptions. the gal who delivered the wine thankfully did describe it before popping the top and it was determined that i did not want this cheapest option before me! she described another bubbly that sounded and was, according to my own tastes, delightful. 

i was so very satisfied with the sparkling sensation of the meal that i sought it out at the wine and spirits store. this was the moment that my minor disappointment in the value of my special-occasion dinner at casbah turned into a feeling of devastating violation. i am talking about a 400% markup on the retail price of this wine. if you want to do your own math: at casbah the 1/2 bottle of gruet blanc du noirs cost $35, while a whole bottle at w&s is priced at $16.99. you can bet that i will choose to enjoy this wine elsewhere, like avenue b (byob), next time. 

casbah is lacking the quality service, honesty and original ambiance that should accompany creative food at moderately high prices.

**update: i recently saw a full size bottle of the gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; casbah, take a tip!quiet storm is, perhaps, the most expensive vegetarian diner i have ever been to, even by big city standards! cash-only makes this even more difficult. tofu wings appetizer was simply not very good; and i usually love these things! i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment. as far as i know, gyros are supposed to be pretty meaty, but this was mostly lettuce with sporadic chunks of seitan and cucumber,along  with dreaded diced unripe tomato. the wrap was dry and upon looking at the menu again, i see that the sauce that it probably requires costs an extra $.50. the tortilla itself was very white and seemingly unnatural compared to those found at most veggie establishments. my beverage was good and affordable--ginger lemonade. it was sweet for my tastes, but i am sure most people would have thought it perfect. i'll keep quiet storm in mind as a coffee shop, only.

f.y.i after splitting the cost of the appetizer with a friend, my lunch cost me $17--ouch! i did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. it was quite good that way and i might recommend that qs rethink the gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce.all i'm sayin' is that i crave thai cuisine's tom kha veggie soup. perfect winter warm up, though i loved it in the summer just the same.i have dined at soba more times than any other restaurant in pittsburgh; it is my favorite! the dishes are original and creative, not like anything one can find elsewhere. i don't like tofu so much, but their tofu appetizer is fantastic - and is a large portion for a moderate cost. the chopped salad is worthy of my daily cravings. they usually have two vegetarian entrees, one or both of which can be made vegan. for a long while they had an awesome rice cake dish that i could not resist - it was a take on pesto with neato chewy rice cake noodle things and a seasonal mix of veggies and mushrooms. i do miss that one. but lately i've been getting the thakkali curry, which is pretty good too, with an interesting take on mango pickle (spicy!) and sadly, it comes with the best paratha in town. 

once i had a bad experience with the rice cake dish - it came out all wrong. i was unable to complain at the table due to my company...but i emailed the manager because i wanted them to know that somebody in the kitchen didn't seem to be gettin' it. i also took that opportunity of contact to ask for a recipe for some to-die-for brussels sprouts they used to have on their sides menu that were no longer available. the response was above and beyond what i could have expected. everything was made up for and then some. and they apparently didn't have the recipe i requested on record, but gave me a general run down of how to make it from memory; now i make them at home according to soba's instructions every time!

the drinks! excellent. some of my favorites are the metamorphosis (no longer on menu, but i think you can still get it), offer you can't refuse, the dirty pickle, la pinta and beauty mark...they also have a nice selection of sake, which is rare in pittsburgh, however is is expensive to buy here. 

the atmosphere is not really my style, but it passes as a cool calm romantic space. i do get sick of hearing the same music every time i go, but there are some great songs in the mix. the service is hit or miss, and some of the servers come off as scripted (probably new). our last server was really slow about checking on us and drinks took a long time (though it wasn't busy). and as with most big burrito restaurants, i don't like that there are separate food runners from servers, because it makes it confusing and more time consuming to ask for things. i prefer the bar seating and service, usually. 

all in all, i think soba is pittsburgh's best place to eat and drink.trying the brunch here at least once is a trivial must. it's worth it just to experience the novel concept of eating potluck style fare in a vintage shop. but when it comes down to it, zenith's execution is very simple. the brunch buffet (only available on sundays) is all vegan and exciting, but the food isn't really all that much fun. the cakes and pies are truly bad and the salads are average. when i say "potluck style," i mean that this is the sort of food your plebeian friends or family prepare for parties - cheap and easy to make. the entrees are typically extremely uninspired, bland and obviously mass produced and re-heated as necessary. i would never even think of coming here on any day but sunday (ok, well, i did once go on a thursday; we were the only ones there and it sucked). i would give zenith two stars, but i have to give them a little extra credit for business design - convincing people to crowd in one day of the week so as to require a wait during which people can shop deliriously (hungover and on an empty stomach) before eating. what they do the rest of the week is beyond me, it's definitely not creative menu design - i guess they are probably religiously hawking thrift store goods to re-sell...a city restaurant without a website - how quaint! i don't think i would have ever discovered it without yelp. i first sought it out based on reviews a few years ago and i remember thoroughly enjoying a salad on the patio on a fine summer's day. then, earlier this spring my partner and i stopped by to read the menu - my partner noted the sorta high prices and i noted the total lack of vegan options. someone from inside popped out to let us know that they weren't yet open for dinner (it was b/w lunch and dinner time) and asked if we'd like to make a reservation for later, all in a very kind and inviting manner. i mentioned that i was hoping to find something vegan and she assured me that the chef could make something. we passed that time (due to cheap partner), but i knew i would return for some al fresco joy, and earlier this week, i did. i called ahead to make a reservation and to make sure they were really ok with making a vegan entree. when we arrived, the vegan thing was acknowledged by our server and we were seated in the best spot on the patio, next to the cute and oddly gregarious turtles! we were handed some well used paper menus and our cheap sparkling wines were properly chilled/corked/stored. from then on, things got awkward. my dining companion, who kept baby talking to the turtles throughout the meal and even feeding them, coerced me into drinking her recently deceased grandmother's favorite cheap sparkling wine (asti) and we made a toast to this woman i never had the pleasure of meeting. and we were left with crusty menus that which had no apparent vegan selections and waited for the server to, um, maybe, uh mention what they could do. instead she came to take our order. and i had to explain that since nothing is really vegan on the menu, i needed her to describe what could be made vegan. uhhhh, the mushroom consomme annnnd a salad...ummm...let me go ask the chef. the chef had an excellent answer, it is a mystery to me as to why he was not consulted earlier. i did try the mushroom consomme to start, which was alright (i would not order it again), and ordered the chef's special with was described as a zucchini stuffed with spiced cous cous. sounded boring. but as presented, it had a lot going on, i almost feared it had too much going on - tomato sauce, capers, walnuts, basil, golden raisins, cinnamon, bread crumbs...whoa! was it going to be as clumsy as our service? no! it was well composed and very satisfying to my palate which was maybe only slightly deteriorated from drinking asti. the chef also sent out some complimentary small bites before our entrees, i imagine because the special dish was expected to take longer than a usual menu item, though it didn't seem like an especially long wait. awesome gesture, as it proved someone was on their toes. at the end of the meal we had our second most painful conversation with the server, regarding coffee. it should have been a pretty simple exchange, really. i ordered espresso and my friend asked if the coffee was french pressed. instead of just saying "no," we got some bumbling convoluted answer that left us confused - i was able to gather that no, it was not french press coffee and that either the coffee or espresso (or both?) were from some sort of pod - like maybe a machine that sort of presses a pod...my friend, bewildered, just ordered an espresso, but i had to ask, soooo is the espresso from a pod thingy? yep...ok, i am sorry but i don't want the espresso, and i joked about drawing the line at imitation "champagne." no fun. i tried to be really kind and easy going to make up for being such a damn snob, an inconvenience at every turn, for trying to understand what was being offered. as i watched our server describe the specials to an arriving table, counting the two of them on her fingers as if she was twisting each special off of a finger and squeezing it into her palm, i felt sorry for those others who came to endure her writhing translations. as much as i appreciated my special dish, and service aside, i probably would not put them through the trouble of having me dine again. i don't believe the menu changes very often, definitely not every day as the name suggests, as it didn't seem particularly seasonal (for example, one of their two desserts featured pumpkin which, even though it's none of my business, i thought was weird for late june), nor much, if at all, different from my previous visits, and certainly not freshly printed. 

nonplussed?
+ cash only (+ as in bring it) 
+ very pleasant patio for those rare perfect days
+ ^ with friendly turtles, until turtle soup season (maybe next year)
+ byob
+ capable and accommodating kitchen to make up for non-communicative server
= worth trying, especially if you don't have dietary restrictions, you have expendable cash, it's a nice day to spend with turtles and you want to provide your own asti.

hrm, the nonplussed point system might be my new method of expressing cynical optimism.yuck, yuck, yuck. awful 90's decor, worse music of all eras, curt service and terrible food. i had the spicy basil noodle plate which tasted like ragu on rice noodles. cannot remember what my companion ordered but it tasted strange and made me glad for my own dish. veggies from cans and packages. chairs, nasa rejects? i'm pretty sure the busboy is a serial killer.darn, it looks like india garden has been shut down by the health department before i ever even got to review how nasty it is! 

the half off late-night food was brilliant though.  i hope all india follows suit on that lone attribute. or i sincerely won't mind if they just take the steps necessary to re-open as a safe place to eat. the food was *extremely* greasy and less than fresh, but not as horrible as taste of india.i recently went to kaya's monthly vegetarian prix fix dinner, complete with wine pairings. i ordered all of the vegan options. i was not entirely impressed...

the amuse, a beet ceviche, was delicious -- i would have traded out my main course for a big bowl of it. the two bite portion was a true tease.

course one was roasted potatoes, meh. these were served with a green tomato ketchup which tasted too much like heinz for me to give a shit. ok, it did have notes of apple which was slightly interesting. but also served on the side was a "sour cream" and onion dip that was pretty yummy and had hints of horseradish.  i think the "sour cream" base is the same as that used at mad mex.

second course was chilled english pea soup. i love raw english peas, thus appreciated the imagination of this soup (i believe it was a raw dish). however, i would have just as soon cracked open fresh pods, enjoying the full texture of nature's candy. toward the bottom of my bowl of soup, i realized that blenderization diminishes the essence of peas, and felt slightly sad.

carrot-lime intermezzo -- fine.

third course was a big disappointment. roasted porchini arepas sounded exciting ("what are arepas?"), but it tasted rather plain. the arepa was dry; dying for some of that "sour cream" and onion condiment from course one. the mushrooms were delicious, as mushrooms are, and that is my only compliment for this course. crispy sweet potato fries were served on the side, but again with no condiments and i had had my fill of potatoes at course one. this course lacked moisture and flavor all around.

so why three stars instead of two? dessert was amazing. "strawberry pound cake" is the strawberry short-cake i have been dreaming about for 13 years (about the length of time i have been vegan). probably not all that difficult to make, but wow, those strawberries were good (i surmise they were local, yay)!

the mignardises, chili chocolate, was like a slightly spicy m&m. cute.

to quote kaya's website, "the menus emphasize flavor and variety, presenting familiar foods in exciting ways, and making exotic foods delightfully accessible." i feel that exotic foods were completely lacking from this meal and that the emphasis was placed on creativity with familiar foods. plantains would have been an excellent substitution for one of the potato dishes. the meal was full of "american" flavor with very little suggestion of "island" influence (ie. lime and cilantro). perhaps they strive to use local ingredients, which would be cool, but there were no indications of that on the menu. no, i am not going to lay into a discourse to define "american" cusine, but hey, the restaurant is located in the u.s., admittedly serves "fusion" styles and the kitchen boys were white; probably studied culinary arts in 'merica. i mean that one should not expect an exotic experience at kaya, though one should expect, demand even, an imaginative and quality meal.

the wine pairings were all perfectly on point; i owe much to this in creating what was generally a lovely meal. 

the service was also excellent. we had come in from the rain and were soaked; the host brought us towels to dry ourselves. our server made intense eye contact which, in my eyes, made her an attentive communicator.

the ambiance was nice, with exception for the tv airing cnn in the front corner; it wasn't obtrusive, but it was there. i did not care for the seating. the tables were close together, and there was a great distance across the table between my date and i, thus at kaya, you will often be sitting closer to your neighbor than your companion. 

thankful to the date who paid,
heidi