i'm not sure why this place is called casbah.  casbah conjures up images of genies and sand dunes or something.  nothing about this place seems remotely middle eastern to me, other than the name.

that aside, good food and great service.  definitely a place to impress.  i especially enjoy patronizing establishments that focus on seasonable, sustainably harvested ingredients, and although casbah is not doing the whole "locavore" thing, it certainly is striving for the organic and seasonal thing.  so, off the bat, that gives it big points in my book.

we started with the calamari and the squash ravioli.  skip the ravioli - small and kind of dried out.  but the calamari was meaty and perfectly fried.  i actually had to stop because i was feeling ill from eating too many of them.

we all had the argula salad, which was delicious.  quite sizeable too, given the setting.  finally, i had the scallop and crab meat... uh... pasta dish (i have no idea what kind of pasta it was... sorry).  which was quite good.  i actually would have preferred it over linguine, i think, but whatever.  it was deelish.

not sure why i'm not giving this place five stars.  i really enjoyed it, but it wasn't a wow experience.  better luck next time perhaps.we've figured out where all the hipsters go on the weekend for brunch!

really excellent french toast, just like my dad used to make. i had the breakfast burrito, which i thought was ok, but not something i would order again. but, more importantly than the food, we just really liked the atmosphere. sitting there in their mismatched, vintage-y looking diner, i felt like i was in the mission in sf (ok, maybe minus the fact that everyone was sporting their winter gear, which would never be necessary in ca). kid friendly too, if that's important to you.i really enjoyed my experience at lidia's.  my friend and i were seated promptly, and we shared an order of the crab fricos, which were quite good.  for my main course, i had a calamari dish with large beans.  i can't remember the name of it, and it's not on the menu online, so ... but all i can say is that my mouth started salivating as i was writing this, so you know it was good.

for dessert, we shared the chocolate cake, which was incredibly rich.  i don't think we finished it, but it was good.

all in all, a very pleasant experience.  would love to go again.finally - a pittsburgh restaurant with a decent outside patio!  patio is in the back, so you don't get all the road noise, and is quite pleasant.  in fact, we got seated in the back corner by the fountain, which is not a normal table, but one of those stone garden tables.  despite not being the most comfortable of seats, it was by far the most enchanting part of the patio.

i thought the pizza was "eh." the dough was a little "doughy' for my taste.  i was significantly more impressed with my pasta dish, which was incredibly delicious, but also incredibly rich, so i had to leave about half of it.  i guess that's what i get for ordering pastas with cream sauce.

in summary - a cute place for a date if you can sit outside.  i didn't find the inside half as exciting.  i'll give them another chance on the pizza, but even if you don't have that, try the pasta.excellent italian food.  very cozy - not a place where you want to have a business dinner, but go if you have some close friends and you don't mind yelling over the table.  the food is fantastic - any of their raviolis will do.  service is attentive, and their pastas come with soup or a hefty salad.  reasonable prices, given the quality.can't say i thought the food here was that great.  it's a very interesting experience though, and worth trying at least once.  the breakfast bar food (buffet style) is much better than the hot food, imo.  i had blueberry pancakes, which were too dense and not blueberry enough.  i think everyone in my party agreed that the food was average.

i will say that the atmosphere is extremely unique and lends itself to good conversation.  the servers are fun as well, and you can't beat the prices.  it seems like it would attract a hipster crowd, except families and old people go too.  go figure.i feel bad about giving this place 3 stars, and it's probably closer to a 3.5 (damn you yelp for not allowing me to provide more nuanced ratings!).  but the reality is, it's a place that i thought was fine, would be happy to go back to, but probably not go out of my way to go back to and probably would not be somewhere i personally would propose.  that is, i would go there if someone else suggested it, but i probably wouldn't suggest it myself.

service here is very nice - they aren't stuffy and it seems more like a neighborhood place than an outright restaurant.  closest comparison point might be girasole in shadyside in terms of ambiance.  alas, also in terms of noise level - this place can get loud, even when it's not particularly full.  it's also definitely got a neighborhood feel - when i walked in, there was a group of older women who were congregating for some sort of get together, and a family with a young child.  that is to say, other than the kid, my friend and i were probably the youngest people there for a long while.  i think the young professionals didn't start showing up until around 8:30ish.  i don't mean to say this in a evaluative way - it's just information for you to get a sense of who goes there and when.

the food was somewhat hit or miss.  the spinach and cheese dip was delicious, and i will say that the shrimp small plate was divine.  perfectly cooked shrimp on rosemary skewers in a tomato based sauce with buttered crusty bread... absolutely awesome.  but the pork crostini with brie was not my favorite - the pork was tasteless and somewhat dry.  my friend had the mushroom soup and a house salad, neither of which seemed particularly inspired.

perhaps we went wrong by not ordering one of the main entrees.  so, i grant you that perhaps we should give it another try.  but, given my aversion to the south side, a place has to be pretty amazing for me to brave the traffic and craziness of carson st., and this didn't cut it.  but, i don't regret having tried it.can't say i agree with the "authentic" claims that other people have made for this place.  while it has some of the more palatable chinese food i've had in pittsburgh so far, it was not a meal that i felt satisfied the unbearable ache i've been feeling in my stomach for good chinese food that i've had since moving here from california.

for one thing, no authentic taiwanese breakfast.  

for another thing, ma po tofu, in my recollection, involves not only tofu but also minced pork.  we got some tofu floating in a sea of thick sauce that was... not... ma po... tofu...

curry over rice was pretty good.  again, i'm not saying that place is bad.  but seriously folks.  this isn't authentic chinese food.the hubster and i finally made it in here to make a comparison between china star and how lee. the service here is incredibly friendly and accommodating, and they clearly are used to dealing with english speaking clientele.

surprisingly, the servers were cantonese. i liked this because i could speak with them without much trouble, but this is where i thought the food might have been a bit lacking. we got our usual, which is fish fillets in spicy broth and pea shoots. the pea shoots were a bit on the tough side (might just have been due to what was available) and we were able to get the fish fillets a bit more mild than usual. maybe getting it mild was where we went wrong - sad to say, but the fish fillets at china star are significantly better. allow me to explain just a bit - the fish fillet dish at how lee's was a bit ... cantonesed (i.e., they had thickened up the soup base with corn starch, which is a pretty typical cantonese thing to do). also, the fish fillets were a bit on the doughy side, which i think probably had everything to do with the fish they used. 

anyway, this is not a crazy indictment - it was still really good chinese food, especially by pittsburgh standards. i especially liked it because i could actually speak with the servers. but if you're looking for really authentic szechuan food, i'd recommend china star over this.fantastic sushi!  pricey, but worth it.  fresh fish - the toro is to die for.  the dinners have not only your usual miso soup, salad, and rice combo that comes with bento boxes, but also chicken kaarage (fried chicken).

very small, so be prepared to wait.  i can't wait to come back as a regular.i had a mixed grill (was feeling particularly carnivorous that day) and it was good.  loads of meat, served with grilled veggies and potatoes.  i couldn't finish it, and ended up taking some home, and it proceeded to be my breakfast for two days after that.  

the breakfast meats are pretty good, and the prices are good too.  standard diner fare, with a little more of a busy atmosphere.